I ordered this product based on the positive reviews I received on all forums. When I received the product and started it, it worked beautifully, except for the camera, where the button just did not get pressed. On searching the forums, I found that there is this issue with its cover which needed to be removed and fitted again. After doing that, I found that the button depressed only half-way through, to focussing. I had to click on the camera screen to click the photo. After going to the forums again, I found that this is a common manufacturing defect with Nokia 520s. I had to return the product as I did not want to get it fiddled with by the service people.When I buy a new piece, it has to work right the first time - no repairs please! Hence one star less.I wish Nokia paid a little more attention to the manufacturing quality of this hot selling model...

Pros : -· Thinner and feels good in hands· Camera does a very good job.· Awesome UI. Never hangs· Responsive touch· Offline maps with Nokia· Download all latest and old songs direct to the phone· MS office suit.· Build quality is awesomeCons:-· No High end gaming as of now due to the 512 ram limitation.

I am quite an old fashioned person when it comes to electronic gazettes. I was never fascinated by smartphones, tablets and other touch screen devices and was very happy with my simple basic mobile. It was only accidentally that i gave it a thought to go for a smartphone after i lost my mobile and my techno-savvy friend advised me to go for this.The transition from a simplest basic mobile to the Smartphone could never be more easier, thanks to Nokia Lumia 520 and Windows 8.I do not know much technical bits to appraise this mobile, but i can state many of its advantages from a layman's angle.1. Excellent build quality- I dropped it on a cement road from my bicycle to find it in three pieces. But nothing was damaged.2. For it's primary usage as a phone- Excellent voice quality, speaker phone is at its best. Signal reception is also very good. SMS Interface is very different than regular basic phones and i found it to be quite innovative.3. Screen size of 4' is quite appropriate. It fits in your palm well and goes in the packet very nicely.4. Display quality is excellent. It may not have the best viewing angle though, but for a single viewer, you get the best.5. Windows 8 feels amazing. Very user friendly, desktop kind of interface and positioning of apps could not be more simple.6. It will not be wise to ignore Windows phones thinking that it does not have enough apps. You would find apps for almost all of your needs.7. The most beautiful feature i found is the Kid's Corner. Here, you can create different profile for your kid. And you will be at peace, while your child is trying her hands at your mobile. With this profile, your child can not make any outgoing calls or can not mend with your important files in the phone.Though, there are some limitations as below.1. There is no front camera, but what more can you expect in a budget phone.2. No radio. But for me, it doesn't matter. I do have best radio apps downloaded in my phone.3. There is no key to search within mobile, instead there is a key that takes you to the web search engine- Bing. I can't justify a separate key only to search over web.4. Lack of Dual SIM. Don't understand why Nokia does not have this.Overall, i found this to be the best smartphone with a budget below 10K.  Go for it even if your budget is more than it. It is worth for each and every paisa!

To tell the truth, I wasn't too excited when Nokia launched its Lumia series. With Samsung, HTC and Apple leading the Smartphone wars, Nokia was left miles back. Surprising enough, Nokia struck back with its most impressive line of mobile phones till date. Joining forces with Microsoft was a very smart move for Nokia. Instead of developing its own OS, it went for Windows 8, and left all the marketing of OS to Microsoft.When I heard the price of Lumia 510 (precursor to Lumia 520), I was taken aback. 10k for windows 7.5 phone! Still I waited for an update to Windows 8. That's when Lumia 520 was launched. But for some reason or the other, I couldn't buy it. Then one day I saw the price 6999/- and bought it immediately online. Don't regret it one bit. The best smartphone I ever had.Pros:1. Build Quality: Superb. On par with higher line of Lumia series. Matt Finish is just wonderful.2. Screen size: Prefect for me. At 4" inches, this beauty is no doubt an amazing buy!3. Display: While it does not have clear text technology of Lumia 620, it's nevertheless every bit its worth. Only downside is reading in sunshine is not as clear as Lumia 620.4. Interface: Truly Elegant.If you think Android/iOS is elegant/user friendly,give this beauty a try. You'll be astounded.5. Apps: All essential apps available. Though apps are not in the counts of Android Marketplace or App Store, you won't be disappointed as all essential apps we use daily are available.6. Office 365: Full MS office suit. Though many may not use this, I use MS Word quite regularly.7. Colors: Amazing bright colors. Could easily give Samsung a run for its money that only launches mobiles in Black and White.Cons:1. Front Camera: Not a deal breaker though. At 7k (or even 10k), I expect nothing more.2. Radio: Not a deal breaker. I usually use Tune In (Internet Radio)3. Flash: No LED Flash. Now this was disappointing. They could have added it.4. RAM: 512 MB Ram. Even though processor is 1GHz and Windows 8 demand less RAM, 1 GB could have added more value to the product. Still, no deal breaker at this price :)In 10k range, this baby easily outsmarts every other smartphone. Give this beauty a try and you won't be disappointed. Easily, one of the best buys I made this year!

I've pre ordered this phone and have been using this for last 2 days. Been using a lot of android phones till now and was bored of waiting for even call log to appear on them.Pros : -· Thinner than expected and feels good in hands· Camera does a good job, a lot of innovative lenses to choose from.· Silky smooth UI which never hangs· Highly responsive touch, works even with gloves on· Games never hang or lag· Offline maps with Nokia Here works smoothly (Still Google maps are better)· Nokia music lets you download all latest and old songs direct to the phone. Even regional language songs.· Full MS office suit.· Build quality is awesome with a mat finish on its back which gives a firm grip.Cons:-· Comparatively less apps that android. But almost all required apps are present.· No High end gaming as of now due to the 512 ram limitation.For the price, this phone is too good to resist. It has got everything to win your heart. The colours on the screen appears very sharp and real. I really cant think of any other phone which can give you these features even above 15k.For those who are still thinking about the apps, one quick info - only Microsoft and Apple checks every apps before its put In the marketplace. Android has lots of apps, but most of them are buggy, they either drain out your battery or consume all the resources which results in poor performance. Every app in windows store is verified for its quality and you can be sure, it wont slow down your phone. In android if you install a few apps, the phone will start slowing down. But I tried around 30 apps installed in windows. No slowing down was noticed. I believe we should be looking at the quality of apps than the quantity.Go ahead, buy this phone, you wont regret :)

Hi, actually now I got time to share about my product what I have purchased from you.First of all I brought it online instead retail shops with this much spent because of the site named amazon.in my phone having some defects like 1)the second call name and number is not appearing during the phone call when data services not in use but,if I am using data services,all things is going good.2)some of the times,the size of the fonts are getting big and I cannot resize it.in this times I need to restart my phone.3)the phone was strucking unexpectedly,at this time it is making me to remove the battery and needs reinsert into it.4)final thing is I can't find my service warranty.Hope you will understand what I am facing with the product.Revert me with positive cheers.

This is a very good Windows smartphone. Looks awesome. The display is bright and clear. The camera is good. Windows 8 is very easy to use. There are sufficient apps available on the Windows App Store, and they are of very good quality, especially the ones from Nokia.The phone has not slowed down or hung in after its purchase, that is in the last 5 months or so.

Guys its my third purchase for this product on Amazon...A great product at great price..Windows 8 phone gives a fresh UI in the jungle of Mobile market. and above all App store growing rapidly..Go for it without giving a second thought...you'll love it...

I compared the specs of other Lumias with this phone & found it to be same but much cheaper then others. And I don't see any issues with hardware quality.  It has 512Mb RAM which may sometime give issues with heavy games, but for everything else it works amazing as it has 1 GHz processor. Battery life is good.Camera is amazing & with recent software upgrade it is even better. No secondary camera & flash but I hardly need these.

Good product and far better than android phones in the same price range. Touch sensitivity is of the highest quality.

This mobile is worth every penny.....pros nice screen, built quality, camera is wowcons 512 ram ,no flash, grip

Excellent product and delivery package to protact it from damage during transit. I suggest others to buy if any one want at good prrice.. The only drawback is single sim.

EXCELLENT PHONE UP TO THE MARK,BEYOND MY EXPECTATIONOVERALL BEST PHONE LASTY I GOT THIS  AT WORLD  CHEAPEST  RATE OF RS.7100

It is nice experience with lumia 520 since my purchase. Much better butter smooth than android. No struck... But disappointed of accessing google account entirely. Expecting for more updates of it...

This is the second Lumia 520 that I have bought. I, unfortunately, lost one and I didn't think twice before buying the same phone cause it is such a pleasure to use.An excellent phone from Nokia. Though it is the cheapest phone of the Lumia series, this phone still is a head turner and a pleasure to use. The touch response is excellent. Much much better than I expected and than any phone in this price range. The display is gorgeous, though it shows a bit of glare under direct sunlight but at full brightness, you will be able to read every detail on the screen clearly.The best part of the phone is its camera. It takes surreal images and can easily replace a digital camera in use in general family and friends gatherings or outdoor trips. The phone's camera will also be the delight of the people who take photography as a hobby. I am fond of capturing landscapes and since I have bought this phone, I have never felt the urge of having my digicam on me as I previously did.Coming to music, the phone does deliver excellent audio quality but the bundled earphones are a disappointment. They don't even have a call receiving button. Plus, Nokia bundles Black earphones no matter what color phone you buy. I used another pair of earphones with the device and was completely blown away by the sound.I haven't had any issues with the call quality. The Windows Phone app store contains most of the apps that are frequently used by users worldwide and some which are unique to the Windows Store itself. You won't be disappointed. If not the standard app itself, alternatives are available and there are apps to guide you to those alternatives. The store is definitely growing.The navigation software by Nokia is the best I have seen. It is better than Apple's or Google Maps'. Plus, the option to download maps offline is pretty useful. Google Maps is still missed though.The two downsides to this phone are:1. Terrible Battery backup (doesn't even last a day sometimes on heavy usage, you will have keep a charging socket or a power bank nearby if you want to use 3G )2. 512MB RAM(It doesn't affect any normal usage of the phone, in fact, you won't even notice this limitation unless you are a hardcore gamer and like to play heavy duty games on your phone, in which case, shell out a grand more and go for the 525)These two downsides can easily be looked over when you see that the phone costs just Rs. 8000 for all it has to offer. This is a definitely recommended gadget for anyone.

It might seems to be an entry level phone but it performs really well for the price. The touchscreen is responsive & Windows Phone O.S is different & unique as compared to Android. I bought the phone for my father & it is much much better than the Nokia Asha 501 which was plagued by problems.

I am disappointecdI am used to Android, it is not user friendly.nos.appear so small which are not visible to naked eye.

Awesom graphics,most games playable,ya 1gb ram will do magiccamera is good but bad in nightmost apps are available

Lack of applications. , and options like file manager  ,a good media player etc..\Over all hardware specs is best..

Compact. Fully Loaded. Great camera. Works pretty smoothly for me. Long lasting battery. Value for money. I really love the phone.

