This is a very good product. I got a good deal at Amazon and ordered this. The package was delivered within 24 hours! Delivery process was amazing. Balle balle to Amazon!iPhone is very well built, and should last a long time. Accessories are also very good. Also, for a phone that is 2 generations old, it is pretty fast. in fact, it is as fast to operate as an Android in my home, which is the latest model.I wanted something that was not too large, had a very good build quality and was easy to use. I was looking at Nokia and Apple products. Nokia was too bulky and all the iPhone owners I spoke to were very happy with their products so I went for it.This is very easy to setup. Only problem is getting a micro SIM - which any mobile shop should be able to do. Speakers fidelity is very good. Display is also great. Applications like facebook are also very well designed. Touchscreen is amazing.It is a bit expensive, but I feel its good value. And I also used 4S and 5 in stores but could not discern an appreciable difference in performance. Maybe the camera is better, but I use a DSLR so I am not sure what the improvement in the picture quality will be. The photos I clicked were good considering this is a mobile.Hope this review helps you.Review after 6 months of usage - The phone has stood up well. I have installed lots of apps for my kids and they love playing with this phone. I feel the material for this phone is better than the 5 series and takes abuse well. The glass surface does not get scratched and I use a phone guard as well. My friends who have 5 have scratches on the back side of their phone but my phone with a glass back looks really good even now. In terms of device looks and construction, this is hard to beat in the market. All we see nowadays are plastic phones with plastic screens which don't feel that nice in the hand.As for iOS 7, its a huge step backward for iPhone4. If you are thinking of upgrading from iOS6, don't even think about it. If you are buying a new phone, buy Android since iOS7 looks so much like Android anyway! iOS7 on iPhone 4 and 4S is slower than iOS6, and works Ok on iPhone5 series. I think Apple have lost it after Steve left. The apps are slower on my phone but I just use facebook and my kids use my phone more than me so its Ok till they don't complain! The interface to make phone calls and read messages has also become slow and a bit irritating but the construction and the looks of the phone are still hard to beat.Would I would buy an iPhone4 again? I might, because it looks good, is constructed well and will stand up to kids playing with it. I don't do too many apps and stuff so I am Ok. But I would definitely look for a good deal since its an old phone. I would also prefer to have a set that has iOS6 installed!! But if I get a Nokia Windows phone or an Android with tough glass construction, I would prefer that anyday.Update after 8 months - the iOS7 has killed the device. It has become so slow that I am sometimes tempted to just throw it - but having spent 20k plus on this, I tell myself to use it for some more time. I don't use many apps and I keep resetting the device and closing open apps. Still the phone runs amazingly slow now. Messages take forever to open. Searching for contacts to make a simple phone call is arduous. When you make a call, and you want to go to bluetooth or speaker, the other person has said hello 5 times before those options turn up on the screen. Please stay away from this phone unless you get one with iOS6. I have reduced the rating to 2 stars.

I have always considered that flipkart has the best services, may it be refunding process, replacement process, cancellation process or delivery time. But this time, amazon.in has played its part after stepping into the world of competition in Indian market. Trust me I'm amazed the way they have started their website by such low prices for almost every product. Their own courier facility is even better than Flipkart that anyone can rely on it without keeping any followup. I must say that other leading websites like Flipkart and Ebay must start thinking upon their new rival now as its gonna be the best in few time.I wish you guys all the very best! Kudos!!!

Hi,  i bought two phones in white color..awesome experience from amazon....my friend using it he fuly satisfied with product nd he updated ios 7 also..fine working nd battery back up also nice...for me am using as apple ..not much ..using just for calls phone gives prestige nice product ...great amazon bought with citi card 1500 cash back lets c for cash back credit..if cash back worked cheapest 17000 ...

we received the package within a day. The service was excellent and it was well packaged  cant ask for more. also well priced

Best phone amid others .No comparison with others at all!!! I have been using it for  last 6 years .No complaints at all !!!

Got it for 18000 bucks..thanx to saholic..market price is around 22500 and here on amazon too its again available for more than 20K. nice buy

great price, great service, great customer care ....good going amazon. best deal compared to any Indian sales and online booking site

I found the 100% genuine product in sealed pack condition with Apple India Warranty. The Packing is very good as well.

this is awesome phone n chipset of this article is quiet fast n touch quality is unbelievable....i luv it most

This is probably the best available phone at this price range. Even though it is three year old model, it still runs applications seamlessly which even the latest android phones can't do. The voice quality is superb and battery life is decent as expected from Apple

Excellent mobile for the price. Iphones are the best ever. I recommend this phone to all. Received the product on time with good packaging.

I am in love with my iPhone 4 , 8 GB!Amazon supplied it in a really hassle free manner.

I just love Amazon and Saholic for fantablous offer. IPhone 4 in just 18.5 K plus 1500 cashback on citibank card. So net price of 17 K is mouthwatering offer. Not even a single website / retail in India offered such an agressive price / deal. Great Show :)

I got the original product at the best possible price...The prices are very competitive and comparable to US prices of the same product ...

Superb phone.... I love it.... Thank u amazone.. Great service n trustable...n this phone is mind blowing... Again than yiu so much amazone.. For giving it on very low price

Wont be disappointed. Go for it!!At 18.5k, it was a dream come true.. as i always wanted an iPhone!

Very Good Deal from Amazon site...............Please keep amazing offer to the customers......i recommend amazon.in site.........Thanks a lot Amazon...

Very good delivery by Amazon and more cared on packing.The deal was very good for 18.5 K and it very good for my professional needs like complete office exchange sync, mails, calendars, task, reminders and contacts and mobile contact sync with exchange and gmail connectivity are awesome. Really very stable connections, quality of app is very good than android.Very light weight iOS loads fast and navigation is very smooth. A BIG no to Android and windows OS. Those for computer kids to play by installing buggy software’s and playing with some open source programs. No guaranty for your data and you cannot trust android phone. Last 3 year I had very bad experience and lost more than 50 INR by changing phone. Huge unwanted software come with andrioid phone and max 6 month you can enjoy after that even if you not install anything it will lag. Reallypainful, tried Samsung s3 and some HTC models. Crap Apple iphone 4 is still very good for call, stable for Office mail sync, personal Mail, SMS, planners, finance software and Office software’s, camera and flash and very good stuff is GPS and compass is extraordinary.

the best smartphone till date...IPHONE 4 even though getting outdated but still better way better than other latest smartphones..

Iconic product. Amazon pricing was good too and got my old iphone 4 replaced with another one at a nice price.

