1.Excellent phone. Works flawlessly. Only thing i could do without was having to cut my mini sim to micro SIM.Also, the phone ships with Android 4.2.2, not 4.1 as advertised.EDIT:After using it a few days now, I've discovered that the phone lacks a gyroscope sensor. This means that you will not be able to use the phone to play tilt to steer games like Need for speed. You will also NEVER be able to get photosphere camera working on this phone as that needs a gyro.The remaining features work like a charm. It's been fast and responsive(even after installing a lot of apps.... I've installed about 50 apps so far and no noticeable lag yet) and I get a full day's usage out of it even with 3g turned on all day.EDIT 2:The camera as of now, has some severe autofocus issues. autofocus does not seem to work very well in general resulting in blurry photos but the problem is severe in case of low light. Also, the camera does not seem so sensitive. Most samsung cameras and my x10 minipro camera are leagues ahead.. one star off!

2.This mobile is not so good as I expected. Before purchasing this mobile, I was using HTC desire s. I was pretty satisfied with HTC. Touch & camera of sony is not good as HTC. But accoding to price , xperia m dual justifes its price.Good hardware- 1 ghz dual core processor, 1 gb ram.4 Gb internal memory is a matter for this mobile, because 2 gb  is available for end user. We can't move applicaion to memory card.

3.But having one limitation, internal memory only 4 GB and usable only 2GB.All apps gets downladed in to Internal memory so that we can have only limitted apps. We need to move apps manully to storage area, to free the meory.

4.A very good smartphone from Sony at this price point. Easily beats some of the best phones in its category. No brainer at its category.

5.I bought this phone last month, every thing is good apart from the camera quqlity is some what bad when compared to other smart phones in this range ,,,,, i love this mobile and the phone seems to be looking good and also unique from other smar phones.... worth to buy it and have great fun over this phone ..... Amazon is providing good service and have a glimpse on fullfilled when you place order in this site. They are good for their commitments.... One more thing you may see price difference between other online dealers .... I suggest to go for this phone and go for Amazon ....

6.Battery capacity is just half a day when using net. Getting hot easily. Other features are good. Battery capacity has to be increased

7.i m realy happy to use this phone sony xperia m dual . exelent performance & much better than samsung

8.sony you beauty, worth it, will definitely recommend. dual sim only memory could have been better but it is still awesome

9.Very good phone.battery life is max 1 day. But amazon website show citi card cash back offer which didnt'. Come..read terms and condition before purchase

10.BEST PHONE WITH THE BEST PRICE.one of the finest smartphones plus great cost by amazon.in.expecting more good deals and offers.

11.I'm very satisfied with the delivery of the product by Amazon but when it comes to the device performance then it is pertinent to mention that the battery of the phone is not satisfactory for any office going person using internet on the go.Otherwise the device is well packed with other features in its price range and not to forget that o for this device only if you can sacrifice on your camera expectations from a phone in this budget.

12.it was good and meet my requirements. i will kjh hkh jkhlk  hl kjhljh j h kj hlkh  jkhkkjh h

13.I did not like this smartphone because to slow internet connection and memory will 2.05gb only and ram will 785mb only dont buy this mobile from Amazon

14.sometimes xpeira stuck but still good,  Xpria M dual just go for it!!! no feature for transfer data from internal memory to sd card  For fast Delivery thanx to amazon..

15.Sony Xperia is vry gud mobile in operation except heating problem. While using 3G net on mobile, it heated a lot. During net access if you answer a call, it pains a in ear.

16.very good phone for general use,and be  improved on the battery front, when using 3g, all day , the battery drains.

17.battery drains fast, worst smartphone from Sony I hate it don't buy the mobile from Amazon.memory internal capacity is1.05gb only ram 725mb only

18.overall product is good,camera quality is not that good as expected from brand sony.at this price tag this phone is ok.

19.Phone's nice, in every aspect , but the camera doesn't meet the expectations!!Other than that, processing speed, display, touch, all are awesome... I am loving it..if only camera were good, I would give it 5 starts.

20.Ofcoz you can find a lot of better specs device at this price from xolo,karbonn,micromax etc. But sometimes people want to buy a branded product due to fear in quality and service. Xperia M is the perfect budget device for such people.It comes with a 1GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 dual core processor and 1 GB of ram which is more than enough for your day to day tasks. This is of course not for those who are interested to run high end apps and games. Popular games like Temple Run,Subway Surfers etc can be run without any issues thanks to Adreno 305 GPU inside.1750mAH battery can easily get you a day of average use with screen on time around 3 hours.The device is not huge,so one handed operation is comfortable and the 4 inch touchscreen is of a decent resolution (245 ppi).It also comes with a scratch resistant glass. The built quality is good,doesnt look like a cheap device.Some usual sensors are there - Accelerometer, proximity,and compass. 5 MP camera wont blow your mind,but does the job.Even though this a budget device from Sony, it was nice of them to include NFC and Bluetooth V4 into this which is very rare in devices at this price range.Android version is 4.1 which is outdated but still performs well. It comes with Sony's usual customization and software tweaks which offers a better user experience. Xperia M scores around 10000 in Antutu Benchmark, and around 4100 in Quadrant.

