I've had this phone for about 5 months, and compared to my previous phone, which was a Motorola V557, the Nokia 6126 is just sad. I'm not even going to go into a full report on this phone, I'm just going to list the pros and cons:PROS:It plays mp3s, has a microSD slot for more space, has bluetooth, the display is very bright and colorful, the size is pretty good - not to small and not ultra slim, and I have never once had a problem with antenna reception (which partly will depend on your service and coverage area).CONS:-Battery life is horrible - one phone call can pretty much drain your battery, and once it starts to go down, it really goes fast.-The connector for a headset is a Nokia pop port, which is not quite as easy to find and can be difficult with non-Nokia brand products.-The button to open the phone is very unnecessary and has caused the phone to open in my pocket several times.-The camera button is on the outside resulting in a couple pictures taken of the inside of my pocket (the way I found to fix this was to turn on automatic keyguard after a minute or two).-When someone is calling, if the camera button is pressed, the phone answers in speakerphone mode - this I just found out today. I had this suspicion for a little while since my mom would sometimes call me and it would cut off after two or three rings and she said it sounded like someone was there but there was no one. Turns out the phone was bumped in my pocket, either by my chapstick or by my hand when I grabbed it, and what she was hearing was the inside of my pocket.-The camera is horrible - really, really horrible. Compared to my previous phone, the pictures are bigger, but they have so much noise. Luckily, I didn't buy the phone for its camera capabilities.-The outer display is pointless. I originally decided on this model over another Nokia because this one had an outer display. I thought it would be neat to assign a picture to friends so when they called, the picture would display on the outside. I never got that feature to work right - the phone seems to take too long to load the picture and I wasn't able to receive calls, or it would ring twice after the image loaded and then the person would have got my voicemail because, on their end, it rang and rang.-I have never found a way to change how the phone lets you know you missed a call, I don't think you can. All it does is flash the outer display every so often (which REALLY drains the battery) and it says "1 missed call". The main screen displays the missed call if you open the phone, but it doesn't make a sound or vibrate to let you know or remind you.-The paint is chipping off the exterior of mine, just like other reviewers said. It has been that way after about one week. This phone just was not designed to carry in your pocket.-The main display screen sometimes gets dirty. It seems to at time collect every piece of lint, dust, and anything else that is in the air. This wouldn't matter if it would have been a flat surface instead of being embedded in the top of the phone. It looks nicer that way, but is not a good idea for something that will maybe be put in a pocket. Again, this is definitely not a pocket-friendly phone.-The sound quality is absolutely pathetic. I have discovered apparently this is a Nokia thing, as my mom's sounds just as bad (she has one of the old Nokia phones). The speakerphone is not too bad, and there are times when you think it may be better to talk over the speakerphone rather then trying to listen through the ear piece. Sound does vary depending on the other person's phone and antenna reception, but, once again, I never had that problem with either of my Motorolas.-There just aren't very many custom features, and there doesn't seem to be enough buttons for a techno-type gadget. Actually, this is basically a phone for people who are not techno-advanced people. It's more like a toy than a phone. I've only ever had Motorola phones, and I didn't realize they had so much more options than other new phones. The main things I miss from my V557 are the option to arrange phone numbers by speed dial number rather than alphabetically, and Motorola's "iTap" text entry. I would have got another Motorola, but I really didn't want the Razor, or any slim phone for that matter. Needless to say, after my contract with AT&T; is up, I'll be switching to a company with better phone options. If you like the features of a Motorola don't ever get a Nokia.EDIT: After I could finally upgrade and got myself a Palm Centro, I gave this Nokia phone to my brother who had broken his ancient Samsung phone. He used the Nokia for a very short time before he decided to use another old phone a friend gave him. He also had pictures of the inside of his pocket, and the phone also would open in his pocket because of the button. He has been waiting forever to be able to upgrade to a phone that allows MP3 ringtones so he could have the "House, MD" theme as his ringtone. Even that feature was not enough for him to continue using this phone, and he is an over-obsessed fan of House (has the same cane, sneakers, etc).