This phone is a disaster. Please read this and rate well and keep it at the top so that others can be fairly warned before buying (or not, hopefully!)Barring the keypad defectiveness for which I've had NO END of hassle with amazon in trying to 1. get a replacement phone sent 2. get the rebates which are now expired due to the time it took to get the replacement and 3. hassle with VERIZON over the same things, here is my evaluation of this phone:I thought something was WRONG with this phone, the way it drains the battery. This is the most important flaw. I've never seen a phone that eats battery as this one does. (Amazon negative: When I called Amazon to return it, I tried to EXCHANGE it for a different one and THEY DON'T EXCHANGE CELL PHONES. Let everyone be aware and ware of this. NO CELL PHONE EXCHANGES. They will REPLACE a phone if it is defective, but no EXCHANGES! They don't say that when you purchase.) I am now buying an extended battery (AND a new door, you have to buy the door for the pink one separately because they don't sell it anywhere else than Motorola Website) for a total of about 65$ more.Secondly, both Razrs (the original and replacement) experience keypad freezing. The replacement only once, when typing a txt msg. The original would freeze continually, once it froze when the alarm clock was going off and I had to take the battery out for it to stop!Third: The sound. The volume when in a call is really bad. It is so very hard to hear on this phone, with the volume turned all the way up.Fourth: you can't CHARGE the phone and talk on a 2.5mm headset at the same time. This phone has ONE mini-USB port and comes with a wall-charger and an adapter for a 2.5mm headset. But if you have a 2.5mm headset because you don't like Bluetooth (because it's yet another gadget you can't hear very well on and can't remember to charge), no charging the phone while you talk!Fifth: the way Verizon ties up the ability to use this phone is SHOCKING. They seriously are vultures about it. They try to make you pay for everything they can, mobile office kits, ringtones, downloading photos to your phone or sending. It's 25 cents per picture message unless you have a picture message plan!! (DON'T BUY MOBILE OFFICE KIT (another 40$), instead buy a microSD card and reader and get the pictures and txt items from there).I hope that if you are thinking of 1. verizon or 2. motorola razr you will think again, because you are asking for hassle, stress, a phone that ALWAYS needs charging and makes you nervous to talk because it will drain the battery. Please get a better phone, a better service provider !!