Well, it technically does what it is supposed to do--that is, allows you to transfer files from your phone to your computer or vice versa. But, it is rude & puts up a fight to do so. The thing came with no instructions, so it took forever to install. Once installed, it creates a desktop icon which can't be removed or modified...because it's not actually a desktop icon (when I figure out what exactly this thing is, I'll post it) or in the registry at all. Actual transfer of files takes over the entire computer (don't have anything else running) and is slower than a floppy drive! I've found a ton of settings and such that the software changed without asking (rude in my book), so I'm probably going to have to re-install Windows to get everything back the way I like it. Although, it's nice to have the pics off my phone to email and have a custom wallpaper & ringtones on my phone, I'm really thinking of returning this rude little punk. If I could, I'd give it zero stars.(I'm not 100% sure that this will make a difference since the main problem appears to be Sony's software that you download from them, but the cable appears to be made by someone other than Sony and the oficial Sony Data cable is pretty much only sold through Sony's website.)Update on 6/4/2006:I was given a data cable for my Sony Ericsson z500a as a gift (turned out to be a 3rd party cable like this product is). At first, I was happy that I'd be able to transfer pictures taken with my camera phone to my computer to email to friends back home...but after installing everything, the thing only worked a few times at a nerve-rackingly slow pace. After tons of headaches messing with that, I contacted Sony's tech support. They don't seem to know how to figure out problems very well, and about all they could do on that call was get my info to send out a new cable. The new cable (Sony Ericsson cable) doesn't seem to work either, and I've called them several times now--each time speaking with 2-3 reps.So, my advice would be to not bother with the data cable (third party or Sony's) since neither will work properly. If you have a third party cable such as this product, don't tell Sony tech support because then they won't help you, so you're basically just out the money you spent on a cheap unofficial cable. Just enjoy your Sony Ericsson z500a & watch anyone who has a camera phone that has a working data cable for ideas for your next phone.