I had such faith in this phone when I first bought it. Now that I am 7 treo phones later and it only being a year and a half....I have to say that this is the worst high end purchase I have ever gotten. In the beginning all of the reviews were wonderful from consumer reports and gadget blogs and electronic magazine reviews. However none of these publications seems to have let consumers know the truth about the horrible quality of these phones. As a pda they function fairly well but as a phone...the signal is always dropping (that is if there is a signal). Friends and family claim it is hard to hear what I was saying when using the phone and that it sounded like I was in a tunnel. Hearing what other people were saying was difficult. i would have to go outside to try to get a better signal just to hear what was being said. I purchased my phone through Amazon to use with Sprint. I invested in the monthly warranty to replace the phone. This seemed like a good plan until I realized that they were replacing my phone with refurbished phones that had the same problems as the handset that I had just given them. When my final sixth phone was replaced by Sprint I made a call to a friend from the parking lot to ensure that it worked before I left the store (I had learned by this point). Five minutes later yelling into the phone and trying to call back 3 times with no success (and no...the mute was not on). Realizing that I had yet another dud on my hands I went back into the Sprint store to take out the poor 16 year old clerk that had the misfortune of replacing my handset five minutes prior. Apparently he had a panicked look on his face since he was waiting on customers who had just decided to get...you got it, a Treo 600. Well he quickly summoned his manager who decided to give me a brand-new never been opened treo 650 free. So yes I did get an upgrade free for all of my trouble. It is not much better than the treo 600. The signal is weak and it is hard to hear on both ends and when on vibrate mode the calls get sent straight to voicemail. Convenient for emergencies I would say. I live in Arizona but I sure do wish that I lived in California since there is currently a class-action suit against palm-one and the various cell phone carriers of the treo 600 and 650 for the poor quality of the product and replacing handsets with equally poor treos. At this point since the treo 700 just was released, it probably is not on the class action suit. However the treo 700 does run on a windows operating system which will make your palm os software from your treo 600/650 obsolete. It will also make it morevulnerable to viruses and lets not forget that little trick of being able to erase a bluetooth devices address book when someone has bluetooth enabled, Also there is the ability to tap into peoples' conversations that they are having with their wireless blue-tooth headset. (not that I do it but I'm sure that some people are actually enjoying rush hour much more due to this security flaw). Overall I would say that palm-one as a company has gone downhill in terms of quailty and customer service and that both the treo 600 and 650 are phones that I would not waste your time or money on.