As far as design and user-friendliness, I can't say enough about how great this phone/pda combo is. I just wish it wasn't such a POS!I bought an unlocked Treo 600 directly from PalmOne.com about 1 year ago, as I travel internationally and didn't want the hassle of being limited to just one carrier's simcard. It worked wonderfully for a few months, synched effortlessly with Outlook, and was a breeze to enter data into with the qwerty keyboard. I loved trading in my Palm and old cell phone for one combined piece of equipment. The only problem I had right from the beginning is that my earlobe (which must be a genetic abnormality, as I haven't seen any other mention of this problem) would line up just right with the "hang up" button on the touchscreen and would disconnect my calls. I would finally realize it when my phone would ring loudly in my ear as the other person was already calling me back while I was still talking. I can excuse this issue, however, and blame myself for apparently holding the phone at the wrong angle. No problem.And yet... about 6 months into my ownership of the Treo 600, an extremely loud buzzing sound emerged on the other end of the line. I couldn't hear it myself, but everyone I talked to asked if I was being electrocuted, or being run over by a train, or if I was standing on the runway instead of in the airport. I called Palm and was obviously connected to Thailand or India or wherever the call center (which certainly wasn't a problem, just an observation) and they said this was a common problem and they'd be happy to send me a new one. Great! I got my "new" Treo very quickly with no charge for shipping, but was somewhat displeased to find out it was a refurbished phone and my old one I sent back was in better condition (as far as scratches on the body, screen clarity, etc.). Anyway, I was so happy to get rid of the problematic one that I went along with it. Now I wish I hadn't!About a month ago (just past the warranty expiration on the original unit, not sure it would even transfer to my refurbished one) the Treo's screen calibration kept becoming inaccurate. I'd reset the calibration and not 10 minutes later it'd be off again. It would get maybe 1 inch off calibration, so I'd intend to choose one calendar entry, and it would instead hit the button for Monday and skip to another day! Or I'd attempt to pick 5pm and it would highlight the entry at 10am. There was apparently no fix for this issue, even with hard resets, reinstallations of software, etc.I was pretty upset that within just over 1 year I was already trying to replace my second Treo. Anyway, to make a long story short, I pawned it in Asia to a used cell phone vendor that was so desperate to get an American phone he didn't seem to care that the screen was misaligned, and now I'm here on Amazon purchasing a Blackberry...