Ever since i first switched to the iphone my biggest complaint was the lack of a physical keyboard. when i got the iphone 5 i thought it was the time to finally take the plunge. i saw there were a few option but i was hesitant on some the cheaper priced items because i wanted something with high quality. i rather pay more up front and not have to worry about issues in the long run. so i passed on the $30 options and found the "premium" $100 option. the boxwave keyboard buddy. bluetooth keyboard, backlight keys, 2 week batter life, slim aluminum profile... it was exactly what i wanted. looking at pictures of it online my mouth watered.ready to take the plunge i was dissapointed it didnt come out for another month. (10/27) finally the end of october came and it was delayed to my disappointment. (11/16) that thursday (11/15) i placed my preorder. the weekend went by and the product page still showed a preorder status (shipping 11/16) despite the fact it was the 18th! finally that wednesday i get a notification my order shipped that monday (11/19). checking my shipping status was also a dissapointment because it rarely updated. after much confusion with ups and the post office my order was delivered on the 28th. must have came from china i thought, despite the fact that it claims my order started in washington. opening it up the packaging was cheap but who cares! the case felt as good as it looked! i let if fully charge before i used to so i wouldnt have to worry about it for the rest of the week. i enjoyed that case for a whole day and thought it was the cat's pajamas.soon to my disappointment i found it started having pairing issues after one day. i couldnt get it to sync for long periods of time. and it only got worst. now it only syncs long enough for me to send one message before i have to re pair it. i cant tell if it the fact that the battery is dying but that couldnt be true, could it? they claim 2 weeks of moderate battery use so in my mind thats 8-10 days real world use.... but its dead after 4 days? sounds like a company you could trust! so today i started exploring the website to find out about how to get mine swapped, maybe its just a bad one. while searching i find "Boxwave's Warranty Policy." How long does boxwave guarantee their products to work? 2 years like a good company should? nope. 1 year like most companies now a days do? nope. 100 DAYS! 3.5 months.... do you know how short that is? that is the same warranty comapnies offer on REFURBISHED products! so boxwave believes there $100 case is as good quality as a product that breaks and is then "fixed" and sold at a lower cost. its as good of quality as a used car sold by a used car dealer. A brand new premium product with the guarantee of a lower quality warranty. scary. even if i did swap mine out, i started having problems day 2, what happens on day 101?(3 months 11 days, not that far away) i go buy another $100 case? or do i reminisce of day one where everything was perfect and ignore the $100 other days of hell?stay away people. this is a $10 cases components wrapped in a $50 case shell sold for $100 and backed by a 100% satisfaction guaranteed refurbished warranty.FOR THOSE WHO DONT WANT TO READ AND JUST SKIM TO THE BOTTOM I WILL SAVE YOU TIME:CRAP, CRAP, CRAP, CRAP, CRAP CRAP, CRAP, CRAP, CRAP, CRAP CRAP, CRAP, CRAP, CRAP, CRAP CRAP, CRAP, CRAP, CRAP, CRAP CRAP, CRAP, CRAP, CRAP, CRAP CRAP, CRAP, CRAP, CRAP, CRAP.