I really tried to do my research before I purchased this phone, but unfortunately most of the available reviews were short term users. I was already expecting below-average battery life and a sub par camera, but the benefits I was expecting outweighed these concerns for me. The major problems began to creep in with more use.There are several good points to the phone. It really is a good-looking and well-built phone, and it just "feels right." The sound quality is excellent for both calls and music (assuming you have a stereo headset), and even the Bluetooth headset sound quality is head and shoulders above my old Motorola. The audio player is AAC/M4A capable. The resolution of both LCDs is great. Nokia PC Suite can sync the phone's calendar with Lotus Notes, a rare feature. I appreciate the release button more than I thought I would. I'm sure I'll miss that if my next phone doesn't have it. The only problem with the release button is sometimes accidentally pushing it as you pull out the phone while receiving a call. If the phone is set to automatically answer when it opens, the release gets pushed accidentally, and it's a call you don't want to take at the moment, you're stuck holding the phone closed until it stops ringing. Still a nice feature.Moving on to the phone's problems: One might assume that the combination of Bluetooth and stereo MP3 playback on a phone would imply that the A2DP (stereo) Bluetooth profile is supported. Apparently, one would be wrong. Admittedly, I probably should have assumed no specific mention of A2DP implied that the phone does not support it, but it doesn't help that searching the internet yields mixed results on the issue, and even Nokia tech support still can't tell me one way or the other. As I can't get it to work with an A2DP gateway, it's probably safe to assume at this point that it doesn't support the profile.The rest of the problems stem from the outdated Series 40 operating system and the phone's music functionality. The music player has been tacked on as an afterthought, which has severely overextended the capabilities of the OS. First, the music controls are very cumbersome, using a cursor system to activate on-screen buttons rather than using the phone's keypad for controls. Track numbers may be entered manually in the main player view but not in the playlist view.The phone has apparently not been tested with "large" music libraries. I purchased a 2GB microSD card soon after the phone, ready to load it up with music. However, the music transfer application included with Nokia PC Suite develops problems when trying to read a library of anything over 2000 songs or so. The main issue is that the database of meta tags breaks around that point. Nokia tech support informed me that their test libraries are all around 1000 files or under. However, I'm sure I'm not alone in having a library of around 10,000 tracks or more these days. Fortunately, you can load music files manually through either data transfer mode on the phone, or directly to the card.The problems don't end with the PC software, though. The phone does not organize tracks by subfolders; all tracks within the main music folder and all its subfolders are loaded into one huge playlist. For more specific selection, you either have to use the clumsy folder navigation interface and constantly reselect the main music folder, or you must manually create playlists with the music transfer software, which is time consuming and problematic with the issues I mentioned above. I plan to experiment with generic M3U playlists, but I don't have high hopes. And it gets worse: after filling up my 2GB card and manually creating a playlist for every album, which was 77 in total, attempting to change playlists now completely crashes the phone. It restarts and then reloads the entire library. For now, I'm navigating the huge playlist by guessing at track numbers, although you can only enter three digits. It's almost humorous what happens after track 999: the phone increments the first 9 to 10, so you see track 10 000 (except the last digit is partially cut off). At track 1100, you see 10 100 in the list.It has begun to feel like I'm beta testing the software in this phone, even though I paid for it and signed my life away for another two years to get it. It has crashed more than ten times in the three months I've had it. I especially felt like a beta tester when Nokia tech support had me carry out experiments with my large music library and report back. I'm still hoping for a major firmware update, but I'm not holding my breath. Frankly, they just don't seem that interested in working out the kinks in this mid-market phone with its outdated software components.I'd still recommend this phone if you don't have a large music collection and only want to use the music player very occasionally. If you won't use the music player at all, please buy a cheaper phone that doesn't have it. If you have a large collection and plan to use it regularly, as in my situation, I'd highly recommend spending a little more for something with at least the Series 60 OS, if you buy a Nokia.