Nokia phones, as a rule, do not work with 'standard' plug accessories. Even though after-market manufacturers frequently advertise that their headsets and other appliances are compliant with most Nokia models - most are not. If you look closely at the plug on most 'universal' plug in appliances, you will see TWO narrow black rings around the metal pole that is the plug. On Nokia, plugs with THREE bands are required and, generally speaking, these are made by and available from ONLY Nokia. Most/all after market brands are the 'universal type' and have the correct width plug, but with only the two bands - and these things just don't work with Nokias - I have purchased and returned enough of them to know this as a fact.To further complicate the situation, all Nokia accessories do not work correctly on all Nokia phones - even the same model phone will sometimes accept a particular accessories and sometimes not. This Headset is one such device. Because we only want phones, not cameras, video machines, internet access or voice mail - my wife and I use Nokia's simplest GSM phone, the 6010. We actually have three of them in the family. We bought three of these headsets and found that it works perfectly on one of them, intermittently on the second and not at all on the third. All three phones are identical, were purchased at the same time and work perfectly.I infer from this experience two things. 1) The Nokia brand makes it's adapters differently enough so that no after-market (less expensive) brands that you might buy for use on most other cell phones will work on Nokias (smart manufacturing integration, I suppose - but not especially customer friendly), and 2) that even with their own branded accessories, their functionality is inconsistent.Nokia makes good phones - but owning one locks you in to using their own accessories - some of which work quite well, some intermittently and others not at all. Let the buyer beware - or be prepared to spend the time, effort and cost of returning things. I wouldn't buy a Nokia again if only for this reason.