Hi, I have had this phone for less than a month. In very recent history, I have owned, Motorola v60G, Nokia 3650, Nokia 3595 and a few others.Please read the last couple of paragraphs on Motorola's support.I bought this phone for three major and one minor reasons,1- Flip2- Speaker phone3- Bluetooth4- quad band (minor)I will compare the phone with the units I have owned.V60G was and is a solid phone and I intend to keep it as my backup for a while. I loved the sturdyness, the comfortable feel and the stability. I got this phone free as part of a deal(Thanks AMAZON, not sure why a lot of other people are having problems with rebates with Amazon, i never have had any problems).Nokia phones are also very nice. The 3650 was very powerful, LOADED ( and I mean loaded) with applications and functions. It was very easy to use, I was able to use th bluetooth function to use the phone as a modem to dial out and to sync with my laptop with less than minimal problems. the speaker phone was excellent, easy to use and loud. This phone cost me about the same as the V600.Now the V600, the speaker phone is mediocre. Not very easy to use. I mean, I cannot turn the speaker on while I am dialing a number or even after I press ok, i have to wait untill the call is connected and then wait a couple of seconds before I can turn the speakerphone on. Not a very useful feature.I have had problems with volume and I have verified service and reception. The volume seems to be very low MOST of the time even while I am talking to the same folks.The phone constantly hangs (you would think this was a Windows 95 based phone). I would get a call and the keys would be all locked and cannot answer the phone or turn the ringer off. The only way to shut it up is to remove the battery.I have not been able to use the bluetooth function to sync with my laptop even though I bought the additional software which by the way came free with the Nokia phone but here it is not free.All other features and functions are skimpy as well. For the price, I think this phone should have better set of apps included with it either pre loaded or as an option on a cd.Last and the most important, I am very disappointed with Motorola's support. When I called, they told me to ship the phone back to them or take it to a motorola shop (which by the way is more than an hour drive from me). No option for a replacement while I use my credit card as security deposit was given. They do not seem concerned about the fact that some people use their cell phones as their primary phone and/or business phone.I decided to call the local motorola shop and right away the gentleman said, "is this about a V600?" and then told me that Motorola should not be telling anyone to call them as they cannot do anything for me. He gave me a different 800 number to call and said that he was instructed to forward all people to that mnumber.I think, There should be MUCH better support for a phone that is supposedly a top of the line and technology phone. Granted, the gentleman on the line from motorola was very polite and nice.Bottom line, unless I was buying something directly from motorola, I am not buying anything motorola in the future.