The only two good things about this phone is that it is a tiny, beautiful machine, and the joystick is an absolute "joy" (no pun intended) to use. Other than that though, do not get this phone, even though you can get it for free. You can also get a refurbished Motorola V600 from ATT, and it's been giving me less problems than this piece of junk.First off, this phone has terrible reception problems. I can barely get a signal at my home, whereas my other phones have at least two bars all the time. I couldn't get a signal at the mall, which was really ridiculous. It's not T-Mobile's service, it's this phone. I get better reception on my refurbished V600.Secondly, this phone crashes a lot. Granted, the V600 was problematic at first, but that has been remedied. I don't see a recall of this lousy piece of crap, they just keep selling it like nothing is wrong with it. There is something wrong with it, which is why they're giving it away for free. Every time I'm chatting through Powerchat, the phone locks up in couple of minutes. I don't know if it's just my phone, but it's really annoying. Also, I cannot access Yahoo Messenger from the E-mail & IM menu in t-zones; I have to go onto the Yahoo site and access Messenger from there. Really time consuming. I just wish this phone didn't have the software problems that it has. For a person who bought this phone to use all it's features, I'm pretty annoyed and disappointed.Lastly, I know that camera phones don't really have good picture quality, but come on. The picture quality on this phone is absolutely terrible. It doesn't even have 640x480 resolution on this camera. The highest setting is 288x352, which is kind of disappointing, because it doesn't capture the kind of detail you wish it had when sending picture messages. There's no point in picture messaging with this phone. I sent a picture to a friend, and he couldn't even see me. Can you see me now? No.I know that some people will say that this phone is a hand-out and I shouldn't complain about it, but I PAID for this phone. I got it before all the discounts being offered, and it was just a waste of money. I should have stuck to Samsung. I've never had any problems with their products. I just wished they stopped selling phones that had so many problems like this. A dissatisfied consumer.Edit - Feb. 2005After six months of use, I'll ease a little off the animosity that I have towards this phone. A couple of issues that have popped up since then:- Am not able to download games. What?!? You mean to tell me that "Although your phone is capable of downloading games, your phone is not currently supported." Well actually, I am able to download games, just not from T-Mobile. Oh well. Get over it.- Volume is not as loud as I would like it to be. Of course, I have to give this phone credit, it's louder than my old Samsung phone.- It can take a long time for the phone to catch up to you when you're text messaging at times (at least when using multi-tap}I love the form factor of this phone. The menu, with the exception of the call log and saving voice messages, is very intuitive, made all the more so by the joystick. The camera isn't great, but it's a phone, not a megapixel digital camera. But other than that, if you live in an area where T-Mobile coverage is only fair, I'd suggest getting another phone, as this phone WILL HAVE TROUBLE PICKING UP A SIGNAL.