I continue to be impressed with the multitude of features this phone has. Everything from its chip memory to recording conversations to text, email, picture messages and so on and so forth. It does maybe one hundred things and not one of them it does well. The features I have used include pictures, contact management, emailing, and text. I have not had the opportunity to use the Bluetooth features. The camera takes grainy pics that look horrible even when there is enough ambient light. Perhaps on the surface of the sun there is enough light to take an adequate picture. Absolutely forget about taking pics indoors; even with the &quot;night mode&quot; turned on.My primary complaint however is that it uses contactors on the bottom to attach the headset in lieu of the standard headphone plug. I prefer talking on a headset because the phone itself is too small to talk into and gets uncomfortable in a hurry holding it. I also appreciate having my hands free while on the phone especially while driving. These contactors often get dirty which mean they don't make contact and fail. This leaves you wiggling the wires yelling "Hello? Hello?" and blowing on the bottom of the phone like you would for your old 8-bit Nintendo system until you are fed up enough to simply pull it. I could easily solve this problem I suppose by buying a Bluetooth earpiece. Yes, all it would take is a $90 earpiece to fix a phone that cost me $99.The same applies to a charger where the two copper strips are to make contact, it rarely does. You may think your phone is charging all night but has really sat idle. The view screen although nice and pretty to look at is useless in brightly lit areas. The screen simply isn't bright enough to read on a sunny day. The network isn't developed well enough in S Florida to handle the new, what's it called GMS network.There certainly is a lot of sizzle to this steak. Primarily it is a cell phone. As a cell phone, its terrible. I expect this phone to be a terrible day planner. This phone will do anything you could ever want a cell phone to do as long as one of those things isn't talking to other people.