I bought this headset because I used corded earplugs a lot with previous cell phones. But when I bought a new bluetooth cell phone (Sony-Ericsson T610), I bought this because Amazon was offering what sounded like a great deal.Unfortunately, it was a waste of money because I never use the thing. The reasons:1) It doesn't fit my ear (it's too small or maybe just not suited to my ear--it's uncomfortable and always feels like it's going to fall off). The earbud doesn't really get close enough to my ear canal, so even at max volume, the sound is soft, which is OK in a quiet office, but not in a car or outdoors.2) Since it's so uncomfortable, I didn't want to wear it continuously all day long, but if you have the headset linked to the phone, the headset is the ONLY way to answer the cell phone (at least that's how it is with my T610). I had a situation where the phone rang, I hit "answer" on the phone and couldn't hear anything through the phone because I had enabled bluetooth. I had to scramble to find the headset. (Since it's wireless, it's hard to see quickly if headset is connected or not.) Enabling/disabling the bluetooth connection is a multi-step process, so it's hard to do in a hurry (with a corded headset, you can quickly just unplug the thing). So since the choice is between ALWAYS using the headset or NEVER using the headset (since disabling and re-enabling bluetooth is a hassle, and you have to remember whether it's on or off to know how to answer the phone), I've chosen to NEVER use it.3) The buttons on the headset mean you can't see them while you use them. There are two multi-functional buttons that are nearly identical in size and shape. Pushing a button briefly does something different from pushing it in longer. So it's easy to hang up on a person when you really want to just mute them. If you use it all the time, I suppose pushing buttons by feel will become natural and so will remembering how long to push each button to do what you want it to do, but beginners and occasional users will probably make a lot of mistakes, as I did.