My wife and I recently bought a pair of these phones, based on the recommendation of the sales person at the AT&T; store. The good news is that the connectivity is excellent (at least in the Washington DC metropolitan area).We both use our phones as business-like communication tools, not as personal entertainment devices (we have way better MP3 and digital photography devices). So what we most wanted from this phone is that it be a good phone and I'm not able to comment on its music or picture-taking ability. What I'm not happy with is as follows:1. The voice quality is OK but not nearly as good as our previous LG phones. You will hear some distortion and fuzziness. Not a show-stopper but not great.2. You may as well start by throwing away the manual that comes with the phone - it is totally useless. To use this phone, spend a lot of time walking through all the menus, which the manual will not help you with. The phone really does have excellent options in it, but you will definitely need to discover them yourself.3. If you want to save the phone's contact list to your computer, don't bother with the free Nokia phone manager software. Like the manual, it is basically useless. You get what you pay for, so go to datapilot-dot-com and purchase their Datapilot software and be sure to purchase the bluetooth connector for this phone - Datapilot won't work with the Nokia USB cable but requires their own proprietary connection device (in the case of this phone, the Bluetooth connector, which is way cool). Datapilot is a good product that will allow you to edit the phone's contacts in a rational way. That software plus the Bluetooth connector cost more than the phone does, but it works with most cell phones so you'll be able to transfer the contact list between phones if you need to.4. The phone uses Themes for the background graphic of the screen display. That's fine but if you're not a teenager and so you want a fairly plain, business-like theme, good luck. The phone, as configured for AT&T;, only has one theme. Fortunately, it does have some plain ringer tones which you will ultimately discover by following #2 above.The Nokia is basically a decent phone with a lot of capabilities, and is very inexpensive when purchased with an AT&T; contract. Just be prepared to spend a LOT of time learning how to configure it (and I am a computer systems professional).PS: we haven't had a problem with battery life but we only use our cell phones intermittently and charge them every night.