The phone has many great features and works well most of the time.The battery life, while I didn't expect much, is pretty aweful. Especially compared to previously owned Nokias and my boyfriend's Sony W300i (similiar features and useage runs circles around my Nokia).Three months of use and my internal screen does not turn on when the phone is opened if the phone has been idle. If I activate the external screen before I open the phone, or open and close the phone a couple times, no issues...but for fear of losing the internal screen permanently, I had the phone replaced.AT&T; sent me a remanufactured replacement for a brand new phone. I received it today and it crashed while loading my contacts from my SIM card.For Mac users, this phone is not compatible with iSync, however a plugin can be found on a few websites. I still haven't experienced full compatibility with a couple different plugins.Call quality is good, but antenna placement (it is at bottom) basically gives you one position to hold the phone without disrupting reception.If you plan to use a card reader and SD adapter to transfer files from the MicroSD, be aware ringtones/profiles/ringer IDs programed from data on the card are reset to default. However, picture IDs remain, even if they are images from the card. The card isn't as easily accessible as I'd like it to be, but I had planned on using a card reader to get around the issues with iSync and the cumbersome use of Bluetooth File Exchange, mostly for music. I tried removing and replacing the card while the phone was off, but the phone only recognized the card again if it was on when the card was inserted.Now, this may seem like nit picking, but the internal screen is not flush with the top piece, maybe a better discription is that it's considerably inset, nor is there a protective covering. Dirt, dust and oils collects around the edges of the screen quite quickly and it is nearly impossible to clean. Sounds anal retentive, I know, but it looks pretty gross pretty fast. Resist the urge to wipe it clean - because anything you wipe from the screen ends up in the crack.I've used past phones for an average of two years or more, but somehow I don't see that happening with this phone. I'm pretty disappoined in both companies at this point.