Here's what I like about the headset:1. Extremely lightweight, with secure fit. It's easy to forget you have this on because it is so light. The soft spring easily fits into your ear and secures it. With the hook type headsets, there is some play during side-to-side head movement. This fits snugly in the ear and normal movements do not feel loose or unsecured. You do notice the speaker piece after it's been in your ear for more than a few hours, but it's not painful, just a little sore as there is only one size. I generally don't keep the headset in all day anyway, and only realized it because I had forgotten it was in.2. Incoming sound is very loud. It's in-ear design and fit allows you to hear very well. It's one headset I've used that I actually don't want at full volume.3. Has lots of ways to connect and conference calls. You can control switching from headset to handset from the headset, or connecting more than one call through the buttons.4. The blue talk light turns red when the battery is low, giving you a visual warning.Not so great:1. Lots of static in the bluetooth connection. I have my cellphone on my belt clipped on the left, and use the headset on the right ear. I do tend to notice this more when I am near a wifi source, but not always. I've also noticed it away from wifi signals (like my car). I've had the headset for about a week, and am still trying to figure out why a 3' distance on a 30' BT device would have so much problem with a clear connection.2. While the volume is loud, the sound quality is poor. My Motorola H500 wasn't nearly as loud, so I can't hear well when it's noisy, but the sound quality is much better. The AX2 sounds like midrange frequencies are boosted. While it may make voices easier to hear, it also sounds tinny and unnatural.3. Build quality is very mediocre. It's plastic, and I dropped it from waist level onto the parking lot surface. One of the volume buttons popped off, and the battery compartment was half popped out, as well as the plastic halves loosened. So now I don't have a volume button. I'd heard others say this unit breaks easily, and I can believe it might not have survived a drop from ear level.4. Headset tends to echo, although I don't know if it's worse than other BT sets. My Motorola echoed, but not quite as much as this. I don't notice it, but the person I call will mention it.5. The first day the power on/off tone was clearly audible. I don't know what happened, but after the first day the tone is muted so much I have to listen closely to hear the unit power on or off.I am still on the hunt for my ideal bluetooth set. Will try out the noise cancelling mics or bone conduction technology next because the older mic technology this represents leaves much to be desired.