Alas, my trusty Nokia cell phone died horribly and slowly, the folks at the cell phone store had to put it out of its misery. Having driven there through traffic and rain, I was surprised to find my options for a replacement limited, especially since my now dead Nokia had lasted just slightly longer than its warranty.I left with a nifty little (slightly) used LG 1300 as the replacement and decided to let a month go by and see what I thought. At this point, the pros outweigh the cons, but, one person's pro might be another's con and vice versa. Human nature being what it is, I think it is more fun to focus on the cons first.First the battery life is short, and the claim that this phone has up to 240 minutes of standby is debatable. There should be some sort of way to shake this thing around and generate a bit more time. Better yet, if one could hop violently from side to side as though afflicted with St. Vitus' Dance (which is a self-limiting disorder of movement caused by both streptococcal infection and by talking loudly on cell phones in crowded venues) and recharge the battery, then that would be very entertaining to watch.Next, this phone is so small that it could be confused with a big pack of chewing gum. This feature is bad only if you keep a cluttered desk or satchel and keep having to call your cell phone from your desk phone in order to locate the little gizmo. The washing machine poses another, perhaps lethal set of consequences that could stem from the size of this phone.We need to talk about the buzzer/vibrate setting, a feat of malicious engineering that deserves Cingular----I meant singular----mention. A pair of nondescript, tiny buttons grace the left side of the LG 1300. These buttons magically change the phone's setting from vibrate, silent, or ring if you accidentally press them. So when the phone rings, it's best to poke it with a stick first, then flip it open from the junction of the bottom/top not the sides.(Permit me a parenthetical word about the buzzing or vibrating here. If you have a small chassis from a toy car available, you set the LG 1300 to vibrate, attach it to the chassis with a rubber band, put it on tray or cutting board and presto, you have a dynamic cat toy! Just call your number from another phone and your felines will pounce all over this sleek, mouse-like marvel.)I was surprised at the poor selection of ring tones---or is it spelled solid as ringtones?---available, but then I found that the initial menu pick on the phone takes one to a media mall. I haven't visited there yet, but if I'm ever hungry I may try out the food court.There are good things about this phone. The buttons sort of click when you press them, which makes it seem like you are entering data into one of those tricoders from the any of the various Star Trek series. Using the menus is pretty intuitive (unlike say those in a French restaurant), and changing the settings requires minimal effort.Once flipped open, the earpiece and mouthpiece are sort of in the vicinity of the human ear and mouth, respectively, which does make a degree of sense in the design of a telephone! Plus this phone does not have a camera!! It's bad enough to have to talk to some of my friends, but if I also had to look at them, I would never use the phone.I've also had some trouble with calls being dropped, and if this is happening because of some undocumented feature in the user manual, then I would like to know what it is. To me, this is not necessarily a bad thing because there is simply no better way to get out of an uncomfortable or unwanted conversation than to hang up on yourself.The sleek, curved, compact case makes one feel a bit like a spy, so the coolness factor should not be discounted entirely. And the designers even included this wild little mirror on the outside. Although this tiny mirror gets smudged quite a bit, who knows, it could someday save your life if you are ever stranded and need to attract the attention of any would-be rescuers once your phone's battery has died.Postscript: On November 15, 2006, I made the offhand remark that I was going to replace this phone soon. That night, it stopped working. I won't miss it.