I paid [a dollar amount over twice what Amazon's charging, but that they'll delete if I put it here] for one at [a store the name of which Amazon will delete, but if you had a battery club card when you were a kid like I did, you've been there] when they were pretty much the only place to get one. Over the years I've tried headsets from AT&T;, Body Glove, Hello Direct, Jabra, and Plantronics, and I find the Bluespoon's soft spring to be the most secure and most comfortable method of fitting a headset to my ear (for that matter, Jabra headsets won't stay in my ear for more than seconds at a time, and Plantronics makes the most hideously uncomfortable earpieces on Earth).The soft spring does take a bit of getting used to, but that's true of anything that goes in your ear (and also somewhat true of the over-the-ear headsets as well). A good rule of thumb is to wear it for no more than half an hour the first day, and gradually increase the amount of time you wear it each day. It weighs so little that you really don't notice it after you've acclimated to having it IN your ear, not just ON it.Once you've learned how to insert it, the process is quick and one-handed. I don't have any issues with inadvertent button presses (thumb behind the bottom button, middle finger at the tip, and index finger popping the spring into the curve of my ear). And once you've inserted it properly, it's plenty loud. I have to assume that people who say it isn't loud enough just haven't figured out how to insert it.I had trouble with it disconnecting repeatedly from my phone even though it had a full charge, and it turned out that the Bluetooth connection in the phone had actually gone bad. The headset connected just fine to my computer, and the computer couldn't maintain a connection to the phone either. Once I got the phone replaced that problem went away. So if you have connection problems, test the headset with another phone before you throw it away in disgust. It might just be your phone.I bought a second one from Amazon because one of the buttons on my first one didn't survive the impact with the ground after the headset was knocked out of my ear -- I could turn the volume up, but not down. I've repaired that with my trusty soldering iron so now I have two that work. I've also bought one as a gift and recommended it to a friend who's very happy with his.Pluses: extreme battery life; light weight; comfort; Bluetooth 1.2 and handsfree profile support.Minuses: not the highest build quality in the world; replacement springs are nearly impossible to find; if you drop it and the battery is knocked loose, it won't reconnect to your phone until you plug in a power source again; good luck remembering all the button combinations for the handsfree profile.A minus only on paper: no noise reduction. In my experience noise reduction isn't worth the loss of battery power and increase in weight. I'd rather have a lighter headset that goes longer between charges.