First this is a beautiful phone with a beautiful size and a beautiful feature-set targeted for a busy biz type. Features are tri-band for reception, Dictaphone for voice memos, Speakerphone for hands free, and PDA features for; contacts w/address, calendar for todo and event alarms with day/wk/mo/yr repeatability on recurring events like weekly meetings, birthdays, take out the trash :), etc.ALL the features work great. Plenty loud receiver, ringers, vibrator, and speakerphone, all adjustable. Has a separate power switch on top for quick access to ringer options(one press) or power-off(press and hold)for batt save, etc.It is so small you can wear it in the watch pocket of jeans, in a shirt pocket, or your pants pocket without a bulge. Still, the keypad layout is such that I find it easy to dial because the keys cover the total keyboard, unlike my previous SE T234 small point buttons. For those who derated this phone for its small size, I don't get it? If you want a bigger phone that has bigger keys and a bigger screen, get one for heaven sake. Please rate a phone for its features and performance, not its size. That is a positive for those who want this.Those looking for a well featured small phone with Nokia's quality and RF reception, you will not be disappointed with this one. You will not get a camera, radio, mp3 player, tv size screen, or memory enough for gobs of games, ringtones, wallpaper, screensavers and video(this is the Nokia 6230i). You will get an excellent and practical communication and organizational device having enough memory for adequate games/ audio/video accessories and the features required for the practical user, and a good price.Pros: Power/Ringer quick access button, loud but adjustable receiver, powerful vibrator and flashing keyboard silent modes, small and VERY stylish, dictaphone, speakerphone, user definable Shortcut/Goto list, Org Calendar/Calc/Stopwatch/Countdown/Alarm, Nokia RF reception, PC sync with Nokia's free down-loadable SW. Standard barrel-type charger plug.Cons: Non-standard headphone jack, no side button volume control, non-customizable navigation keys.