The good:The PN-300 is a PHONE. It is not a palm top computer ... it is not a camera ... it is not an Ipod ... it is not a GPS navigation system ... it is not video player ... it is not an internet access device ... it is not a media storage and playback device ... and it is not a video game player Yup, that's all good. What else? It has good reception. It has excellent voice quality. The battery life is very good, and it has all the features you need to use it as a PHONE. Like what? A one button speakerphone with good sound quality, voice dialing (the good kind which records your voice), the ability to assign individual ring tones to contacts in your phone book, and most beautiful and wonderful and best of all, THE FONT SIZE IS BIG ENOUGH THAT YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE 15 YEARS OLD TO READ IT! The clock on the main screen is big and easy to read, and the ring on high is actually loud enough (what a concept!?) The menu and customization features are reasonably comprehensive, and include what you need. In general, this phone is easy to hear, easy to use, easy to see (relative to most others), has clear/clean voice quality, and good reception.The negative?OK, it's not perfect. Reception may not be as good as the very best out there right now. That said, reception and transmission seem as good as most that I've tried, and quite adequate. It isn't tiny. It's about the size of my (lost) LG 6100. It's an inch thick and when the stub antenna is added, 4 inches long. The front screen is difficult to read (Pantech apparently feels that pretty is far more important than functional) and though the front screen is better than most, it could be a lot better (and by that I mean it could be easier to read as opposed to being a color screen with macroscopic font and photo caller ID)What would I change? Well, since it isn't a PDA, camera, GPS, web surfer, Ipod, video game player, it seems like it could be less chunky. An internal antenna, top quality reception/transmission, and a significantly more compact package would be nice. I'd make the front screen high contrast black on white. I like to see an option for black on white display theme (the PN-300 does include a white wallpaper choice ... indicating there is at least one genius at Pantech). A choice for a larger font size and a longer list of ring tones would be useful.Conclusion: I couldn't find any user reviews on this phone, and I was a bit worried that it would be lacking in the features I've used and seen on other current phones. I'm pleasantly surprised with this phone. It is not a stripped down minimalist, make a call only, device. The local Verizon store didn't have the PN-300 and the person I asked about it suggested it was garbage. To that salesperson, who hadn't been shaving long, I'm sure it is. To someone (over 40 crowd?) who doesn't have perfect vision or hearing, and doesn't want their phone to be a tiny personal computer, the PN-300 is an easy to use full featured cell phone, and is easily comparable to most of the current crop of LGs, Motorolas, Samsungs, etc. No, wait ... since the PN-300 does not have all the stuff apparently demanded by the under 30 crowd, it's infinitely better.