This case appears to be identical to ones sold by Wireless Emporium and AccessoryOne. It also appears virtually identical to the widely lauded Smart Phone Experts P6 case, although it is not clear to me whether the original P6 case had the snap-down interior flap behind which two SD cards may be stored.First things first. The case that I have (and thus, most likely all of the very similar cases I mentioned) is definitely NOT real leather. I am an analytical chemist, so I used reflection IR spectroscopy to determine that the case (including the material wrapping the clip) is actually a polyurethane-based imitation leather. Having said that, the case looks nice and I wasn't expecting real leather in this price range anyway. [Edit: after three months of daily use the case is now showing significant wear at some of the corners (making it obvious that it is actually imitation leather).]I had several concerns about the functionality of this case, but so far I am very happy with it. Here they are:Concern 1: The magnetic flap might come open too easily if snagged on something. First, the two magnets are pretty strong. Second, the receiving surface is recessed a bit, so the flap doesn't stick out very much. Third (and this was a pleasant surprise), the flap springs back closed by itself, especially while it's on your belt--it is actually difficult to force the case to remain in an open position.Concern 2: My Treo (I have a 700wx) might fall out too easily. The case turns out to be fairly snug, with short elastic strips on the sides. I'm not yet sure, but it looks like the elastic might also have enough give to accomodate egrips. I definitely like having access to my "naked" Treo. Having the Treo get knocked out of the case is still a theoretical risk, but I think I am much more likely to simply drop it. It is fairly easy to retrieve the 700 from the case without bumping anything I don't want to, but I'd bet this is not true for the 680 or any other model without a protruding antenna.Concern 3: The interior snaps might scratch my Treo. The snaps are actually plastic and their faces are quite flat. Whether I insert the phone with the screen facing in or out, I have not yet noticed a problem. [Edit: after three months of use with the phone facing inward most of this time, there is now indeed a scuff just to the left of the speaker that appears to have come from the snap. Despite this, I still prefer to keep the phone facing in.]Concern 4: The magnets might cause data loss. (Actually, this was never a concern of mine, but I have heard others voice it.) No problem to report. I routinely handle electronics items near much stronger magnetic fields in lab and I have never had a problem. (Credit cards are another story, however....)Concern 5: The magnets might get pressed into the screen and crack it. The front of the case and the flap actually feel like they have fairly rigid plastic sheets sewn inside, and the magnets themselves are very flat. With the flap closed there are thus several plies of material between the phone and the outside world. No case is bulletproof, but I feel like this one does a more than adequate job of protecting my Treo, without adding any new risks due to poor design.Concern 6: The clip might come off my belt. Not a problem--it's very stiff. So stiff, in fact, that it takes a little practice to easily slide it over your belt. Also, it doesn't scratch my belts like clamp-style belt clips did (although we'll see how long the imitation leather covering the clip holds up....)Concern 7: I might not like a fixed (non-rotating) clip. The funny thing is that the generic box mine came in has a sticker on it saying "Premium Horizontal Fitted Pouch w/ Ratcheting Swivel for Palm TREO 650 700w." Nope--but neither was I expecting one from the product description on this page. It turns out that I wore my prior swivel case in the horizontal position most of the time anyway, and this case sits much closer to my body. It is harder to remove the case completely from my belt (because the clip is so stiff), but this is getting easier with practice.Concern 8: Poor access to connections. You can easily access the headphone jack whether the screen is facing in or out. Either orientation allows access to the volume buttons (after opening the flap) if you want to listen to MP3s. (However, there is no way to conveniently access the 700wx's WMP Play/Pause button, nor to reassign this function to the side button. The best you can do is reassign it to the "Q" or "A" button, which will be just accessible with the phone in the case, at least with the screen facing out.) However, you cannot charge the phone, connect the synch cable, or access the ringer on/off switch while it is in the case.I hope this helps. This is definitely the best case for my needs, and it was inexpensive to boot! Four of five stars.