The Pros:The function and design of this headset are first rate. Right out of the box it was easy to pair with my Motorola v505 phone.It is small and unobtrusiveThe battery life is really good in standby mode, and lasts several hours of talking. (and it does issue warning tones when the battery runs low, plus the phone issues a message saying "headset signal weak - switch to handset?"The combo belt clip/charger is a really cool idea. It would have been EVEN COOLER if Jabra had made it compatible with nokia, Moto, and Ericsson phone chargers. Now I have yet ANOTHER power supply to drag with me on trips....Reception is very good as long as line of sight is unobstructed by anything full of water. I can pump gas in my car with the phone on the passenger seat or wander all over my hotel suite waving my arms wildly while the phone sits in its charging stand on the desk. If there is a body in the way (or an aquarium, etc) then the signal drops off (attenuates) dramatically. In fact, there is a marked difference between putting the phone on the opposite side of your body from the earpiece when carrying your phone in your pocket. If on the opposite side, the signal degrades noticeably.The Cons:I have been unsuccessful getting it to pair with either my laptop or my PDA however (an HP iPaq 4155).If you have a bluetooth PDA and use BT to Activesync with your PC, it will interfere with this headset while it is "connected" (from Activesync's perspective). You will hear a constant "crackling" noise that sounds like the other person is popping popcorn. It took me a while to figure out. You don't have to turn off the BT radio on the laptop or PDA, just "disconnect" the BT session temporarily while talking. This is a hassle, but not a killer (one of the reasons for 4 instead of 5 stars)My biggest problem with the unit is that it does not fit my ears without feeling very insecure. The "hanging" design always feels like it is flopping around for me, and if I lean too far to that side, the unit will actually fall off my ear. There is no way to tighten the fit of the unit; I have already tried different earpieces and positions of the earpieces, but this doesn't help. This is the reason why I will probably replace this unit with another. Its a shame, since it is such a nice unit, but the floppiness on my ears is unacceptable.BTW, I am not a midget - I am 5' 10 and weigh 160 lbs. I have a fairly narrow face, but I think the bigger issue is that I have small earlobes. If you have small earlobes (rather than pendulous ones) you may want to test fit this unit in a store before buying one here. I wish I had...