Very comfortable and fits well, very light-weight, good battery life, great sound quality and volume on both ends of the conversation (unless too windy). I only have one complaint when using the BT250 with my Motorola v551 phone: Every time I turn on the headset to establish the [already paired] link with my phone, the phone immediately goes into voice-dialing mode (i.e., "Say name now ... say name louder"). Because I usually don't say anything when it does this, the normal harmless result is "Voice name not found," but a few times my phone somehow matched my silence with one of my recorded voice tags, and I found myself disconnecting a call I didn't want to make in the first place.This did not happen when I used my v551 with a Logitech bluetooth headset (which did not fit me well, causing me not to be able to hear the speaker most of the time).Jabra support first told me to pair the headset to the phone again, this time using the alternate method for phones that support the hands-free profile. This did result in a few enhanced features, but it didn't stop the unwanted voice-dialing. My next email from Jabra support said that this "is normal behavior when you hold the answer/end button on the headset," and they suggested that I either turn voice dialing off on my phone, or use the phone (instead of the headset) to disconnect the link between the two units. Well, there is only one place I can find on the v551 for turning off voice dialing (under the "headset" options), but this doesn't stop the irritating problem. Using the phone to disconnect and re-establish the link is much less convenient. It DOES stop the problem, however, but only if the headset remains turned on (but disconnected) the whole time, adversely affecting battery life. If I disconnect using the phone, then turn the headset off, the voice-dialing thing will happen when I try to re-establish the link, even if I try to do it from the phone just before turning the headset on (which doesn't work anyway).I must say again, in spite of the above, this is truly a great headset. I'm pretty sure (from other reviews) that the problem I have does not affect most phones, and it is primarily just an irritant that I have grown used to, and it only occurs once each time I turn the headset on in order to establish the link.