SetupNokia 6820Laptop using Linksys usbbt100 adaptorWith the phone it is a nice handsfree option. In response to the guy that had such a hard time turning the bluetooth connection on and off you can just turn the unit off by holding the button for a few seconds.If your phone supports the more enhanced call management features You probably want to answer the call first since holding it down while the phone is ringing rejects the call. Then while the call is in progress it just places the call on hold and continuing to hold will turn the device off and the phone will revert to standard usage with the call on hold.Additionally many phones, especially those with Bluetooth, have the ability to define user shortcuts to phone features. One setup to minimize the hassel of connecting and disconnecting BT devices would be very handy since the BT menus are normally several menue options deep.Really though this is a headset for someone intrested in constant wear. I highly recommend getting this or any handsfree set to fit your comfort level because if in the end the fit is uncomfy your going to have a pricey doo dad.Range is less than 30 feet but that seems pretty standard for a headset phone combination. Both are trying to maximize battery life and the antennas are not optimally placed. 10 feet is a good rule of thumb unless you have a particuarly bad combination. With the Nokia 6820 I seem to have a comfortable range of about 15 feet. However with the Linksys blue tooth adaptor on my laptop I can walk all over my house and even to my mailbox. Somewhere on the order of 60-100 feet. Very handy if you are a voice chat user or want a quiet discreet source of music without wires at work that dosn't completely obscure your hearing.Also if anyone is wondering the battery is Lithium Ion polymer so there should be no concern over any memory affect if you want to charge up before a full discharge. However the battery is intenal and there does not seem to be any real option for replacement. So you can only expect a life of around 400-500 charge cycles. At once a week that is a good while. At once a day you might as well just call it a year, perhaps less. It will still be working but if you are using it that hard you will also be far more aware of the slow degredation over time.Gave it four instead of 5 for the potential problem of a short usefull life due to the battery and because the fit is not for everyone. Deffinatly something to put your hands on before laying down the money if possible.