A mistake I notice a lot of people making when reviewing this phone is that they compare it to the phones that boast dual functionality as an MP3 player or camera. Nokia, in my opinion, has always looked for function over form. They throw in certain features as standard, but those features alone are not supposed to be the selling point of the phone. The 6126 is a PHONE first and the rest is an afterthought. With that said let me start the review.PROS:-THIS PHONE IS POWERFUL! I have never experienced any lag with this phone, even when viewing thumbnail photographs or switching between menu items (which you can do WHILE listening to music). My last phone, a sony ericsson z525, was notorious for lagging between menu changes. What really blew me, was that when I load nokia themes to the phone, i could actually preview them when I simply scrolled over it. Anyone who has customized his/her phone with a theme knows how LONG it takes to apply one(albeit a few seconds, but thats an eternity). This phone previews it for you in seconds.-THIS PHONE IS RIDICULOUSLY CUSTOMIZABLE! you can change EVERY aspect of this phone, from how the menu presents itself to how many minutes you want the phone to wait when you hit snooze! For the really intricate stuff it may take a few menu clicks before you find the option, but I have customized my internal displays 1)screen saver (when you first close the phone) 2) Standby screen (10 sec after the phone is closed) 3) Flip screen (what picture the external display shows when you flip open the phone, so when you're holding it up to your ear you can decide what people see). Thats 3 customizations of only the IMAGE of the external display! there are even more options.-ACTIVE STANDBY! This is almost like a start menu on your main screen, it displays any notes you might have entered for the day, the status of the music player, and has a scrolling shortcut bar that, once again, is totally customizable. Oh, and EVERY button on the main screen can be customized as a shortcut - you almost never need to go to the menu screen.-AMAZING SYNCING ABILITIES - I LOVE THIS PART! You will have to download the Nokia PC suite from the Nokia website, but once you do, its complete bliss. Anyone who uses Microsoft outlook will love how quickly and easily the phone syncs over bluetooth. Transfer speeds are quick and there are many customizable options with the software (like whose numbers take priority, outlooks or your phones). The rest of the suite is a little on the cumbersome side since vista allows you to send files directly to the phone by right clicking on the file, which I find more useful.-FLIP FEATURE! Okay, sounds gimmicky. But honestly, i feel super suave. With the flip button you can pull out the phone and have it flipped open and at your ear in one smooth motion. No prying of the thumb or flicking of the wrist, no stumbling. Just smooooooth :-)-MP3 ringtones - send em over bluetooth, you WILL need an MicroSD card for this. Transfer takes seconds. Plays them loud and clear.-Screen - I constantly keep changing my wallpaper just to make use of this bright and beautiful screen, the external screen actually has 262thousand colors, thats how much most phones had on their main screen a few months ago. The internal screen is 16 MILLION colors, its gorgeous. Everything is easy to read, from text messages to web browsing.-FLASH COMPATIBLE!!! A HUGE PLUS - if you know how to use it. Flash lets you have animated wallpaper on both your internal and external screens. I currently have 3 3D rings twirling on my external screen with a clock. Before that I had a picture of a parking space in which the lines actually told the current time, I LOVE flash! And since the ext. screen has so many colors, the animations look beautiful.CONS:BATTERY LIFE - Not necessarily bad at 2 days, but my sony ericsson spoiled me with its ridiculously long lasting battery. Even when the display said it was empty, the battery would run for an additional 8 hours on standby. When the Nokia tells me its about to die, its not lying. Still, I am not disappointed by the battery life, although i have yet to put it through HEAVY usage.LOOKS - I'm a young guy (23) and sorta want a fashionable phone. That said, theres really nothing outstanding about the design of the 6126. Its practical, feels sturdy, has a rubberized outside that helps with grip, no glitz and glam. It is stream-lined and not hard on the eyes. Its simply a hard worker and you sorta have to rely on the screen savers for it to stand out.MP3 player - YES, this was an afterthought. If you want a player thats more integrated, i would go for the 6555, but you lose the flip function and I believe it has a smaller screen. That said, you can still use it to listen to music if you're truly bored, but a lot of people have alternative music players nowadays.CAMERA- Grainy at night, fine in sunlight. Gets the job done if you need it. Nothing special, but then again, this phone doesnt brag that feature but rather considers it a standard for this day and age.CONCLUSION: For the price, I dont think this phone can be beat by any other entry level phone. I was planning on getting the Sony Ericsson, but since its a slider, the keys are small and flat and I have big fingers. Plus I have a camera and music player so I dont see a need for it (although I REALLY wish cingular would bring back the Sony Ericsson K790). Also, I forgot to mention, the phones size and buttons are laid out very well and make it extremely practical to use, another reason I prefer it over the KRZR, which has that useless flushed D-pad that I cant stand. This phone wont turn heads, but it can keep up with you. Especially if your like me and need to jump between menus quickly and get agitated when phones lag behind. Look for its review on youtube so you can see it in action, you'll see what I'm talkin about.UPDATE: Okay, figured out how to extend battery life to almost a week (on standby). If you're like me and too cheap to get the data plan, go to MENU>SETTINGS>CONNECTIVITY>PACKET DATA and turn the Packet Data connection to "when needed". This stops the phone from being constantly connected to the data network and saves a ton of battery life. Also, for the first few days, plug in the phone to charge as much as possible. Li-Ion batteries DO NOT have a memory, they actually benefit from being partially discharged and recharged over and over again. You will definitely notice an increase in battery life after a few days. The battery needs some "warming up time". I hope this helps! I'm a huge advocate for this phone.