I went for 11 months with this phone before it started to crash when I tried to send picture msgs. But if you have AT&T; and you're under warranty, they'll give you the same model brand new FREE. Two months went by and then one night, I clicked the menu button and it froze. So now I'm on my third one BUT I am very happy with this phone.BATTERY - I see quite a few people complain about the short life. Mine has a really long life. And I have the wallpaper and mini screen running the flash solar system which uses a lot of power. I charge my phone I say about every other day. Before when I just used a still picture, I charged my phone every few days. And I talk and text and take A LOT of pictures. I can't tell you how many days is stand by because I can't go that long without my cell haha Either (1) I'm blessed with a good battery or (2) when you first get the phone (or any phone), charge the battery for a really long time a few times (over night about 12 hours about 3 or 4 times) to really maximize the battery [if you charge it for only a few hours, even though it says battery full, it won't hold as much charge].PAINT - Yea, it chips off really easily. But so has any other phone I've owned since my Nokia 5190. Paint is paint and after sitting in a purse or pocket rubbing against keys and coins, the paint does come off. Plus, it's a phone. So long as it works, it's fine by me. Looks shouldn't be a top complaint.SOUND - Excellent quality. I LOVE the speaker phone. I love it so much I didn't bother buying bluetooth. I can hear the other person well and they can hear me just fine. And having the speaker on while it's closed it awesome!CAMERA - Remember, it's only a 1mp. Thus, I did not have high expectations for taking pictures. But I am very impressed with the quality considering it's in the phone. I can zoom in and still the picture is quite nice. You can't compare a cell phone camera with a digicam so of the cell phone cameras I've had/seen/used, this is one of the top 5. With any cell phone, don't buy it and judge it on the quality of the camera. It's a PHONE, not a digicam. As for pictures of the inside of your pocket/purse, keylock your phone before closing it. Or set it up to keylock automatically. Simple solutions to a simple problem.SIGNAL - I find that if my other family members are receiving signal and I am not, if I turn my phone off and on again, I'll get the reception they're receiving. Considering I live in the urban area, cell phone signal is pretty much strong everywhere. But when I do go out to National parks or mountains away from cities, I get decent reception. Not full bars but enough to send msgs and make calls.USER FRIENDLY - I love how every little detail can be changed and adjusted to your mood and desires. I get bored seeing the same things again and again. But with this phone, I can go between a menu from tabs to grids. Colors, fonts, tones EVERYTHING is customizable.PICTURES AND INCOMING CALLS - If the phone is closed, yes the picture you assign to the contact will show up on the outside. I only got this when I got the cell with the updated software. The first one I had (over a year ago) did not have this feature.THE FLIP BUTTON - This is my first flip phone so I would just pull it open when I had it. Then I discovered the button! I love that button. Even after a month of pulling open the phone, it still worked just fine. The button is not necessary for use.MP3 PLAYER - No opinion. I don't use it, sorry.One and only con - The software is glitchy. First phone after 11 months, it would crash when I tried sending a picture msgs. Second phone after 2 months, one random day, it decided that whenever the menu button was pressed, the phone would freeze. I swear it's running on Vista.Yea, I'm on my third one of this phone. BUT I love it. And I love the features and how I can customized it very specifically for me.Remember, if you have AT&T; and you're under warranty and it's still valid, you can get the same phone for FREE. If you're battery life sucks, tell them and they'll give you a new battery for FREE. Software gets glitchy, get a new phone for FREE. In Northern CA, you have to go to a DSC (Device Support Center). Ask the retail store of locations.