I just received my 590a earlier this week and having been doing multiple levels of testing. First, I paired it with a Nokia 6600 cell phone. The quality is excellent on my side. The primary comment that I've received is that it seems to come through quieter on the other side. It's very comfortable for long calls though. After my initial pairing, I went into the phone options and manually connected the headphones. After that first setup, the phone would automatically pair once the headset was on.Using the universal adapter I paired it with my ipod after that. No problem with the sound quality overall. I can't say that it is the most amazing quality but I do enjoy the convenience of Bluetooth capability. Keeping it paired with a cell phone at the same time works well. Note that while the volume buttons seem to work, they are very stiff to press and not intuitive to locate while wearing them. It seems to work best if you pair the phone first and then turn on the adapter. I was getting some interruption when I tried it with the ipod first.Pairing with the computer...I have a Mac PowerBook G4 that I tested it on. Setup wasn't that bad but there is almost no documentation and the user guide that comes with the headset is very minimal to say the least. You do a normal Bluetooth pairing (same instructions as the phone in the users guide to make it discoverable). Once you have successfully paired it to the mac, you'll need to go into the system preferences and sound to manually set the output and input to "590Plantronics". I was the least impressed with sound quality here - at least concerning listening. I used GarageBand to test vocal recording and then ported that out as a podcast to see how the sound was. The sound quality was decent. I think that it will need some tweaking on the computer to get a better sound capability but I am quite happy with my purchase.The primary negatives that I found were the stiff buttons and as another reviewer pointed out, you can't have your computer and the cell phone paired at the same time. As long as you keep its limitations in mind, I think that it is a wonderful purchase.