PROS:- Light weight solution for both an audio source and cell phone- Good sound quality on both ends- Comfortable fit- Travel case for protectionCONS:- 0.5 second delay when watching video (must use the hardwire solution)- The original MSRP is a bit high for something that is not closer to perfect- Not all of the audio controls work, even when using the dongle- CANNOT USE WHILE DRIVING (therefore you must have another headset for this purpose)I am looking into buying this unit from a friend's electronic's store. He was gracious enough to loan a floor model to me for a night. I spent some time reading reviews from many different sites and I have to say, while the reviews at Amazon were the most technically oriented, they were also the most critical. Therefore, I made it my goal to attept to disprove some of the claims that I read here in the hopes of finding this product to be a real gem. Among the claims that I attempted to disprove were:- Failure to charge- 0.5 second delay affecting video- Poor audio sound quality from dongle (i.e. when using an iPod/Laptop)- Hoaky switch between dongle and phone when making/receiving calls- Find the source of the "design flaw"The tests were done with the following items:- iBook G4 1.2Ghz- LG VX9800 (mine)- Motorola E815 (caller)- 5th Gen 60GB iPod Video- Belkin Bluetooth USB Adapter (model F8T003)The first tests that we ran, naturally, were to see if we could pair the VX9800 up with the headset. That took all of two seconds; very easy. I then walked into another room and called the E815. The quality was no better or worse then any of your other higher end bluetooth headsets. WHAT MAKES THE DIFFERENCE is that you now have two ears focused in on the conversation, so in a sense, you're hearing more and paying attention more to the phone conversation (versus having the noise of the office in your other ear). I initally walked away from my cell phone and it got a bit garbled, but as soon as I brought my cell phone with me, I had no problems. I then switched phones with the caller so that I could hear what she was hearing. The quality was good. I didn't have any problems hearing what she was saying to me. Voice dial worked beautifully from the headset and I didn't find myself shouting.The next test that we did was to pair up the dongle and use it with the iPod (audio first). Pairing up the dongle was very easy. While Edward Rios claims that the audio he heard was "no better then AM radio", I firmly disagree with this statement. I started out playing some classical (with no EQ settings set on the iPod). I'll agree that the quality of the audio was not on the same level as my Seinnheiser's, however once I adjusted the EQ in the iPod the bass and thus the quality was improved somewhat (Bass Booster setting worked well). I also noticed that the track jogger did not work with the iPod. In the manual it states "Only works if Bluetooth device supports Bluetooth Audio/Video Remote Control Profile (AVRCP); does not work when using universal adapter." This was a bit disappointing because it was feature I was looking forward to. The "PLAY/PAUSE" button did work... somewhat. The audio pauses, but not on the iPod. Next we moved on to receiving a phone call. As a call came in, I heard a beep in the headset. Pressing the call button, the music stopped and the call interrupted. Once the call was complete, the phone hung up and the music continued (please note that the ipod did not pause during this time, only the source of the signal switched). This was tested several times. It was very easy. However, I do agree with Steve Gardner in his assessment that the dongle is a short term pair. In other words, if you turn the dongle off, you will need to pair it again (once again, a very simple process).On to the video. I turned on some Family Guy that I had on my iPod. I indeed did notice that there was some amount of delay, but with cartoon characters, it wasn't that obvious. Not a problem, I decided to up the ante. I then turned on an episode of The Office, specifically a scene where Steve Carrell is speaking. Yes, there IS a .05 second delay. It seems to fluctuate as if the dongle is racing to catch up. I then put the Pulsar in headset mode by turning it off and plugging in the hardwire cable. This fixed the problem (this same resolution was found by both testers). My final thoughts on this? Unless you're planning on trying to watch video from across the room, this solution will work for you.Feeling a bit adventurous, I decided to test the headset with my iBook. I first tried to pair the Pulsar up with my iBook using the Belkin BT adapter. That didn't work. Although I heard it clicking when the pairing process was going on, it never went through. Not a problem, I'll use the dongle. Using the dongle I was again able to hear the audio, but I was not able to get the unit to work as a mic/headphone combination. Others have claimed to be able to get this to work, but for the average person, the short answer is that it doesn't work that great. I'm going to take N. Nelson's comments one step further, if I may, and say that this unit is really only for Audio Sources / Cell Phone combinations.At the end of the night I decided to charge it. I placed it in the cradle and, sure enough, it started charging. At some point later I picked it up and then placed it back in the cradle and it didn't charge! I thought, "A'HA! I proved another one true!" Not so fast... I took out the USB charger to see if the problem was the cable and began charging the headset off of that. A few minutes later I put the headset back in the cradle and low and behold, it began charging again! Is there a hardware problem here? I'm not sure, but that is what I found. It charged smoothly the rest of the night.Unfortunately, the one thing I was not able to test in a 24 hour time span was the design flaw. Obviously I would have to use it every day for two weeks to see if this is true. My gut instinct is telling me that it's possible a bad batch of product is to blame, but I have no way of proving this. Until I see it, I can't put faith in that it will happen to me. All I will say on this is that it apparently has happened to more then one person so it is possible that it could happen to you. One thing I did notice is that the headset gets "stretched" as you wear it, but then it gets "compressed" as you put it back in the cradle. Could it be that all this stretching AND compressing is causing the cracks? Would this have happened to these people if they didn't use the cradle? I don't know. Maybe the design flaw is in the cradle itself and NOT the headset. Who knows...My final analysis of this product overall is very good. I don't think Plantronics set out to make this the "one stop shop" for all headset needs (although they might want to have a conversation with their marketing department about "truth in advertising"). While I was typing this I was listening to some good ol' fashioned punk rock using the dongle and I was bouncing my head the whole time; very enjoyable. I do believe that Plantronics is preparing for the next wave in Bluetooth technology by adding support for profiles that others don't support YET. All in all, if you're looking for a headset that can seamlessly switch between your cellphone and your iPod, then this will work for you. If you're looking for an "one stop shop" you will be sorely disappointed. One thing I would have liked to see would be some sort of design improvement where one of the earphones could flip outward thus to be legally complaint with driving requirements. They are the best option available (the Motorola pair does not come with a transeiver which is something you have to purchase extra... and something else you have to carry and something else you run the risk of losing). In the end, will I buy these? Probably, but I won't be running towards the store like a bat out of hell.