After my last headset purchase disaster, I wanted to give this headset a good going over before writing the review. I give this a passing grade.Pros- Decent sound, Cell conversations come out both speakers, Good range of distance from Bluetooth source, Short boom mic actually works very well, easy pairing, included adaptor and carrying case.Cons- The blasted flashing blue light. No, this thing is like a flash light in the dark.I read other's complaints about this light. So before I bought, I considered: I'll just put a piece of black tape on the LED. Uhmm no. This light comes from around the whole circumference of the headset controls. I think the only fix will be to size and glue a rubber O-ring around the edge to block the very annoying light. Not so much for the wearer but for the poor passenger in a car sitting to your right!Given my hearing loss having a cell conversation in both ears really helps. I was concerned about the little short boom mic (tube), but my wife gave it the best compliment when she says she can't tell the difference between direct phone conversation or via the headset.I find I use the included Bluetooth adaptor quite a bit on my computer. When a call comes in while listening to music or such on the headset, the sound is automaticaly muted and the phone gets priority and takes control until the end of the call. I've also found that when my Moto Q9H phone chimes to let me know an Email or text msg has arrived, the sound source from the dongle mutes then too, then comes back on.The headset does have a mute button for the mic and there is a reminder beep every couple of minutes letting you know that you are on mute. (not bad) The other controls include a Phone Function Button, Vol up/down and Trk Fwd/Trk Bkw function for supported MP3 Players.The charger connections are a bit odd and care must be taken to insure a firm and proper connection. The charger has two leads so the dongle and the headset can both charge simultaneously.The headset utilizes the new: Bluetooth Advanced Audio Profile so if you want to use the advanced features make sure your Bluetooth device supports this new profile, else you'll need to use the included Bluetooth adaptor.Note: the 590A includes the carrying case, dongle, spare mic tube, charging stand and charger, in-flight cable (disables the Bluetooth and goes wired) and universal 3.5mm cable. The 590E only comes with the charger. So decide if the extras are worth the extra price. For my money they are.Thus far I've had no problems with anything breaking as others have reported and I'm not extra gentle with them.