As there are some other excellent reviews here, I am concentrating on what has not been written.Sound quality varies, depending on how you use the headphones. Basically, both comparisons with AM radio and HiFi Sound are more or less true. Here is why.I find the earphones of an excellent quality at low to middle sound levels, delivering sound better than my Koss Porta Pro and on par with Sennheiser PC-150. But this is only true, when the earphones are wired to the source. It is also loud, at 50% PB output level sound get unbearable. Good sensitivity and sound detail.Using the including Bluetooth dongle, quality slips to the level of FM radio. Using it with iPod, which does not offer that good output quality (at least no comparison to my Al PowerBook 1.5GHz), quality slips a bit further. This is partially due to limitation of the Bluetooth and the fact that sound is amplified twice (both in iPod and headset).Further gets worse :(. By connecting vie Bluetooth to the PowerBook, quality does goet to the level of the AM Radio, as Mac currently do not support A2DP Bluetooth profile for improved audio quality. It is really a no go for listening to music, and Skype quality drops to the level of a normal phone.To get it working, however, there is one thing to keep in mind. I guess, Macs do not support another feature of Bluetooth, multi-access. Since I am using headset as a phone headset as well, it is constanly connected to the mobile phone. It seems like macs do not like sharing headsets, so bluetooth on the mobile phone has to be switched off. Otherwise, no problem whatsoever. Dongle-phone (SONY Ericsson K750i) combination works perfect and is REALLY cool stuff. It switches sources, once you get a call and then switches back to the iPod.Basically, I am keeping the headset, as getting rid of the wires on the go is worth the sound quality penalty. For a good quality, 3.5 mm jack is the only option for some time to come, in my opinion.So, this is an awesome product, well designed, very well built. If it suffers some quality issues, it is actually due to the limitations of the technology, not the product. I had no problems with charging, as did some other users. Another batch maybe :p. Accordingly, 5 stars for the product, 1 star penalty for inperfect technology (Bluetooth and Mac), 4 Stars in total.Oh! One annoying thing, there is a blinking blue ring light on the right earphone. At night it is really bright, so you'll end up looking like a lighthouse. During the day it is not that obvious. Still annoying, as I would prefer to use my cool headset rather discreetely.