I purchased the S710 a few weeks ago and I have been very happy with it so far. I had previously been using a Sony Ericsson W810i which was a great phone for personal use and as an MP3 player, but I needed a smartphone for work. I didn't want something as large as a Blackberry and wanted to avoid a touchscreen and stylus. The S710 was the perfect compromise.I've never used a smartphone or Windows Mobile before so I can't say if WM6 is any improvement. I was surprised to find while editing my contacts that there is no copy and paste function. I was able to find an add on application but it seems a rather strange thing not to include in a smartphone. The S710 comes with HTC's homescreen and green color scheme which is a color that most closely resembles vomit. This can be removed using a debranding app. On such a beautiful looking device it's a shame that HTC chose such a nauseating interface.And this is a beautiful phone. The all chrome face is a bit much for my taste, but isn't as prone to fingerprints as I expected and it contrasts nicely with the matte keys and the flat black. The sides and back are rubberized plastic which feels soft but durable in your hand. The QVGA screen is clear and bright even in sunlight.The phone feels solid and rugged and is surprisingly heavy for it's size. But considering all that's packed into so small a space and the long battery life it's an extra weight I can handle. The slide out keyboard doesn't lock when closed and has a slight wiggle. It hasn't opened accidentally but it's a strange contrast to an otherwise sturdy phone. The keys on the keyboard are small but nicely spaced and give good tactile response. But if you have large primate hands, this is not the phone for you.The earpiece is loud, which is great for talking on NYC streets, but has noticeable distortion. It bothered me at first since my old Sony Ericsson was so clear but I have gotten used to it now. The vibrate mode is rather weak, and I don't always feel it vibrate especially when I am walking.The lack of 3G doesn't bother me since I mainly use the data connection for email which EDGE is fine for. The smaller sized screen isn't that great for viewing web pages anyway. WiFi works well and connects to my home access point faster than my laptop. AT&T; made a surprising effort at helping me get it set up for data but ultimately I had to find the configuration posted in a forum and enter it manually.PROS:Keypad, QWERTY keyboard, smartphone in a small package; I haven't found any other phone like it.CONS:Keyboard wiggleSound distortion