I've had this phone for just over a year now, and it's been great! I'm waiting for UPS to deliver my next phone, RIZR Z3...RAZR v3m has served me well, and has even proven to be fairly sturdy even after a couple of drops in a parking lot, which I thought for sure was going to kill the phone after hearing about how fragile it is. Good thing I had insurance, but I haven't needed it. It has kept me from having to call Verizon support, which I was doing fairly regularly with my old phone Moto E815. I give RAZR v3m big kudos for that!As a phone, it's been superb! Good to decent coverage, good sound, no drops, no resets, etc. Best cell phone I ever had!Text messaging is as good as it can get with cell phone number pads. I also own an iPAQ, even had one with a tiny keyboard, and they are not any better so I chuckle all these cell phones with tiny little keyboards. Pair a Bluetooth keyboard with my iPAQ, now you're talkin!As an mp3 player, it will work in a pinch. All you iPod/iPhone nozis (replace o with an a, you know who you are!), please stick to your apple products and just leave the rest of us alone. I've own an iPod just long enough to know how much I hate iTunes, and now I own a Creative Zen which I like a lot, and no, RAZR v3m isn't as good as the Zen as an MP3 player, but so what? If I'm expecting to listen to music for a while, I grab my Zen and use my RAZR as a backup.As a camera, again, it will work in a pinch.I don't browse the web with this phone. I'm waiting for that day when someone comes out with a usable/affordable PocketPC based tablet ala Star Trek. Don't even talk to me about UMPC's yet... We'll see how well my iPAQ does with RIZR as Bluetooth modem.My rating is 4 only due to1) copying files to and from the the MicroSD is cumbersome2) Motorola Phone Tools3) RAZR uses some proprietary mini usb voltage so I can't charge the phone using one my many other mini usb chargers4) Verizon crippled some of the Bluetooth feature of this phone - Not the RAZR's fault.But if these don't bother you, then consider this as a 5 rating.