Let me first by saying I didn't know that I wouldn't be able to download songs to my phone or transfer the files from computer to device and device to computer. I bought both the Motorola phone tools, data cable and phone only to find out that I could not do it. I also bought both my husband and I's phone's with a mini sd card to expand the memory so that we could use it as an mp3 player as they were originally portrayed on tv commercials.I switched to Verizon because a friend of mine said they had great signal and phones. Phones yes, signal, it's so so. I do love the phone though, it's slim (fits in my pocket), has a camera, plays songs and I like the features. I also was upset that Verizon blocks you from being able to transfer your own files, so I finally seem edited (which is hacked) the phone. It's actually pretty easy, and now we are able to transfer files between phone and pc, and we can see the main screen from the outside of the lcd.The speakerphone is a little low if you ask me, I wish it were louder and the menu's on the phone are a little different then most. I wish these were easier to use and you were able to edit more of the phone. Motorola made a great phone, but Verizon kind of ruined it.The camera takes okay pictures, but they seem kind of blued as there isn't a flash if it's in low light. Good if it's outside, but not bad for a 1.3 megapixal. The camera is neat I think because I can take a few movies of the girls (I have two kids) and then transfer them to my computer for safe keeping. If you have the minisd card it's 5 minutes for a video...if not it's only 15 seconds (which is REALLY low).We also purchased the stereo headset where you can listen to music and answer the phone while doing it, it's something I recommend if you want to listen to music on your phone. It's not a bad player, but you can't do MP3's with verizon, they need to be converted to WMA files first and then transferred to be able to play them on the phone, which they are much bigger then MP3's.Overall, for the phone I give it five stars, but because it's with Verizon I only give it four.