I just upgraded to this Motorola Razr. Like most of you, when this came out I really, really wanted one, but they were just too pricey. Now the price is within reason, so I went for it and extended my plan.I'm not sure what all the complaints are about. The phone is very thin and once in your pocket you hardly know it's there, and the lack of an external antenna makes it much easier to get out of your pocket. It has a nice feel to it and is wide enough so it doesn't feel like a toy. I have very small hands and have little trouble working everything with one hand. The "flat" buttons don't bother me, but I wish the OK button in the middle of the toggle ring was raised up just a bit. I find myself using my thumbnail to press it.I'm having no trouble with hearing people, and the ringers are just loud enough for me. The complaint about several button being located on the flip up cover are not a real problem. If they were on the lower part of the phone you would be pressing them all the time.Yes, the screen is difficult to see in bright daylight, but aren't they all, including most cameras and PDA's.The voice activation feature worked right away, after installing some contacts, and made few mistakes.I also got the GPS Maps feature and the Web option. I have not had a chance to really test the GPS, but it did locate my position within a house or two. The Web option seems to work very well and I was able to get lots of info quite easily and rather quickly.I did spend some time with Verizon on the phone to learn how to activate these features and learn how to use them, but I've always found Verizon service to be excellent, and the person stayed with me until I had all the features down.I was told that the Razr has gone through some software changes and unlike the stories I've heard, the top does not feel like it's going to fly off the phone across the room. It feels really solid considering how thin it is.I would say if you've been waiting now is the time. It looks like they've gotten some of the bugs out of the phone, and while it does take awhile to get over the learning curve, for any advance features, I really like this phone a lot.Is it perfect? Not at all, but it is extremely popular, and it's been around long enough so you can find just about anything for this phone on the Net.I would have given it 5 stars, but it's just confusing enough learning how to use it I had to give it 4.Also, like others have said: If you want a decent camera get a decent camera. If you want a decent PDA get a decent PDA. If you want an iPod get an iPod. This is a very good phone with lots of extra features, but it's not perfect. Personally, I don't think the perfect phone exists -- yet.