The Motorazr V3m is a solid phone- making and recieving calls is easy and effective, the operating system is consistent, and it looks small and stylish on the outside. However, once you go beyond simple phone tasks, things get more complicated.First, the exterior: it is sleek and thin, and looks very good. One problem is that the outside tends to smudge, but this can be corrected by wiping the phone off. The keys are nice, which is amazing because they are so thin. The d-pad in the middle is a little hard to use, though- the phone could have used a little more space around it.As for basic features, almost everything is very accessible and intuitive (with the exception of the camera, which is hard to get to from the menus). The contacts software allows you to add multiple numbers for one entry at once, which is a bonus. Settings are easy to find and change. Messages are straight-foward, however, if you miss more than one message and then say "yes" at the screen that asks if you want to check them, you are taken to the newest message, which can be confusing if the earlier message is connected to it.Now, the extra features that Verizon advertises are the disappointing part. I know this is common for phones, but just remember that what is advertised does not come with the phone for free. You must pay pretty hefty fees for web browzing, Vcast (video service), downloading ringtones and using the navigation system. Even the games are only demos and can only be used once. I have tried the navigation software as well as the browser, and both are top-quality. It is up to you to decide whether you want to pay the fees ($10/mth and $6/mth respectively). Music is also difficult to transfer from your PC- I have had no success trying a USB cord I had at home, so you might need to spend another $20 to get the propritary cord. The bluetooth software with the phone does not support file transfer.Overall, a good phone for everyday needs, just make sure you know what you are getting into.