I don't really care about the multimedia features--when I want music, I use my Ipod shuffle and when I want pictures, I use a digital camera--so I'll focus on the device as a phone rather than a music/video player or camera.Pros--The looks and size, of course. I don't like carrying a wireless on a belt clip so love to slip this baby in my shirt pocket--Nice, easy-to-read screen. I wouldn't want to watch TV on it, but that isn't why I buy a wireless phone.--VZ Navigator. This was what inspired me to switch from Cingular. It is a fantastic feature. I've tested it about ten times and it has been spot on, with accurate on-screen prompts, voice instructions, and estimated time of arrival. It turns me right into the driveway I need. If you miss a turn, it recalculates new instructions in a matter of seconds. The only down side is that it works from the quickest route and has no way for you to override that. For instance, I went to friend's house and it had me get on a toll road for a few miles. This WAS the shortest route, but not one I would normally have taken.--Voice recognition system works great. It doesn't have to be "taught" and can access all items in the contact list, prepare a blank text message, or dial a dictated number--Clearest calls I've had in a wireless phone. You sometimes hear "the people I'm talking to can't tell I'm on a wireless." That's been my experience with this handset.Cons--Strength of reception not quite as good as a handset with an external antenna, even a stubby one.--I wish they hadn't taken away the vibrate+ring option. The Razr has to be either on vibrate with no sound or ring. I also wish there was some sort of external LED to indicate when I missed a call or have voice mail. As is, you have to open the Razr to check this. An NEC handset I had a few years ago had very nice system with different color LEDs.--Verizon's proprietary menu system is more difficult to use than the organic Motorola one and takes away some customization options such as setting hot keys. I also haven't found a way to turn off unnecessary prompts ("Do you really want to delete this missed call?"). There is also no way (at least that I have found) to change the red band at the top and bottom of the screen. It only looks decent with some sort of red wallpaper.--Verizon has the phone locked down so it's difficult or impossible to add pictures and ringtones without paying them.--It's plastic (the Amazon review is just plain wrong on this point). I wish there was still the option of buying a metal Razr like the first generation ones. I would have paid extra for it. Like all phones, I'm sure it will scratch with use and be more susceptible to breaking.--I could not synchronize the built in calendar with Outlook. I subscribed to a separate calendar synchronization program from Verizon (iDatebook) which works well but creates a separate calendar rather than using the built in one.--The Razr uses BREW for applications so there are fewer available than in java. I particularly miss World Mate for international travel (especially the currency converter) and a shopping list application.--It's CMDA only so for for international travel, I've had to unlock an old handset and will just buy prepaid SIMsAll in all, though, the V3m may be my favorite wireless handset of the seven I've owned over the years.