I replaced a Motorola v265 with this phone. I was extremely disappointed by the fact that this phone is made of plastic, not metal. The speakerphone is indeed not loud enough; it's quieter than any other speakerphone I've ever heard. The directional pad is too small for my average-sized hands, and requires me to use my fingertips, which is annoying most of the time. The button travel is a bit deep, but I suppose that it prevents accidental pressing.My phone has been hacked as mentioned in other reviews, so I am no longer forced to download ringtone$ and graphic$ from Verizon. Yes, I voided my phone's warranty by doing this, but these phones have been around for years, and they're pretty reliable. I also added a 1GB Micro-SD card, and the phone works fairly well as an MP3 player (playlists are supported). MP3s must be synced from Windows Media Player 10, but it's a very simple process. A standard 5-pin USB cable will allow this phone to interface with a PC.It's best to install a Micro-SD card in this phone with the intention of never removing it. You'll probably damage something while trying. The positive side is that the card will not budge if you drop your phone.The built-in 1.3 megapixel camera compares with my ancient 1.2 megapixel camera. You won't take breathtaking works of art with it, but the picture quality is half-decent. The video camera produces similar webcam-quality results.The real point of this phone is its aesthetic appeal. It's thin enough that you can keep it in your pocket without being bothered by the bulge. It looks good when you pull it out, and the shape and materials feel good when you're using it. It's not cutting-edge anymore, but it costs a lot less than a Blackberry, and if you're willing to hack it (voiding warranty), it provides a satisfying amount of gadgetry.UPDATE: I tried modifying another Razr V3m in an identical fashion. The USB connection was loose, and the phone became disconnected from the computer during the modification. That phone is now a paperweight. Be careful!