Bluetooth cell phone headsets are really a subjective choice. Some love them and others hate them, and some models seem to fit one person's ear (and lifestyle) better than another.That being said, this reviewer will try to offer an (overdue) opinion on what has turned out to be a pretty good choice in a well-made Bluetooth cell phone headset.When I first looked at the Motorola H500, it's price tag was in the $100 range, so it was easy to pass on in favor of wired headsets. But with the recent price drops, this unit is not only worth considering, it's now even lower priced than some of the better wired units that were former favorites. Considering that so many states and localities have laws against cell phone use while driving, this can be an excellent communication tool if used carefully and safely.There are many brands and model out there to choose from, but the Motorola H500 is well worth consideration, especially in light of its excellent pricing. Once adjusted and positioned correctly to the ear, its overall sound quality has turned out to be excellent. Had held off on making a decision between brands and models mostly because I wear glasses, but after a bit of retail store test driving for fit and sound, found (like other reviewers) that this headset seems to settle easily to my ear and just seems to fit properly.One way of looking at how well a Bluetooth cell phone headset functions would perhaps be to rate its use during everyday tasks or activities, so here are a few of those, along with my personal findings.- Driving: excellent, quite functional, 5-stars.- Walking: excellent, 5-stars.- Cycling: excellent, low wind noise, 5-stars.- Running: OK, 4-stars (felt like it might fall off).- Computing: excellent, 5-stars.- Sleeping: decent, 4-stars... hey, just joking here!Don't want to go on a rant about driving while using a cell phone, but if you take the time to read your phone's manual along with the one for the Motorola H500, you'll find that you can use it with voice activated functions, so that you don't need to fool with cell phone dialing when driving. Just program your phone, say your party's name into the Bluetooth device and you'll be automatically connected.Color selections - something for everyone:-Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset - Silver-Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset - Black-Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset - Pink-Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset - Orange-Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset - Teal BluePros:- Overall good sound quality, very little static.- Comfortable to wear/use, has an ergonomic ear hook.- Clean, streamlined design.- Good range, better than some others.- Bluetooth 1.2 means less interference & faster connections.- Inexpensive, reasonably priced.- About 8 hours talk time and 200 hours standby time on a charge.Cons:- Ringtone alerts, but that's a personal thing.- Small volume controls.Is this Motorola headset the newest, latest and greatest? Nope. If you want that, check out the newJawbone II Bluetooth Headsetby Aliph, but then check out the price on that unit and compare the features.Summary:The Motorola H500 is an inexpensive Bluetooth cell phone headsets, offering good sound quality, nice ergonomics, and better-than-average range. It's an excellent communication device, adding to driving safety if used carefully. If you're looking for a good Bluetooth headset at a reasonable price, it's well worth considering.Update:For those who privately asked, my H500 didn't come in a box. It came in a ziplock-style bag that was marked "bulk" on the label. It contained the H500 headset, AC charger, user guides and a "Motomanual." From all appearances it was brand new.