I recently subscribed to a two year Cingular service. At first I purchased a Motorola V551, but that gave me poor reception compared with my Samsung E315, which I previously owned. Not wanting an expensive phone that would drop calls frequently, I decided to trade it in for a Nokia, becasue my father used Nokia ever since he started to use cellular services, and he was extremely satisfied. The Nokia 3120 appealed to me because of it's styling. Although it is not as technologically advanced as the phones I was used to, the styling appealied to me, along with the fact that the phone was 39.99. I truly like the styling. It is the best I've seen in the bar phone class. It is not outlandish in any essence. It is a smart phone for people who want basic functionality. What also appeals to me is the user interface. It is the best one I've seen for any phone. It is the smae interface used on all digital nokias, which date back to about 1996, which is when I first was exposed to Nokias. It is extremely simple to use, the most convinient features can be accessed with two or three button pushes. The biggest thing that got me to purchase this phone is it's reception. Better than any phone i've used. I can use it deep inside buildings. My mother has a Nokia 6010, and she can call from the breakroom in her office, which is in the center of the building. All this packed in a sleek, understated enclosure makes this phone very pleaseing.My only complaints about this phone is the lack of "fun" features, such as a camera or video playback. If you really want a camera phone, but like what you hear abou this Nokia, the 6230 is for you, and I will buy that in 6-12 months. Another thing I do not like is the color. You can get covers for it, but the middle part of the phone, where all the circuitry and the antenna lie, is pasty white, which for a guy like me, is girly. One of my friends commented exactly. One flaw, though it does not bother me, is the size of the phone. While it is higly portable and compact, the buttons could be too small for some.A summary of pros and cons (some i did not list above)ProsStyling and portabilityUser interfaceReceptionBright DisplaySpeaker phoneNokia dependabilityConsColor choicesize of keypadlack of "fun" features such as camera, although it has a camera attackmentI know this review is very long, but I wanted to cover all aspects of the phone so as not appear bisaed in any direction. I do like the more expensive phones, but that doesn't mean I can't make a logical critique of any phone.