After reading the other reviews on this product I was REALLY apprehensive about purchasing it. About a month later I can report I'm glad I bought these. Let's set some perspective here. This is a Bluetooth wireless headset, your fidelity will NEVER be as good as a wired headset and you will always be subject to some interference from other wireless devices. This is the nature of the technology and is unavoidable. You have to decide whether or not the compromises are worth the benefit of wireless.I've used several Bluetooth headsets and handsfree units and this one stays connected better with fewer problems than my previous two. The switching between the stereo music and phone headset works really well. The multipoint feature works really well whether it is paired with the included analog adapter or a Bluetooth dongle. Again, a call comes in, it switches over to the call, and then switches back on call termination.Like some others have mentioned, this headset is pretty high on the geek scale, so if you're worried about looking like a geek, look elsewhere for one of those slick in-the-ear models. The geek factor is amplified by the large blue blinking circle on the right ear. I took a silver sharpie and colored carefully around the ring which tones it down considerably.The charging is a little wonky, you have to get them aligned just right in the stand.A really nice thing is that the phone calls are played binaurally which helps to isolate outside noise.The only thing that's been tough to deal with on this headset is the absence of sidetone in the headset. Most phones and headsets leak a little of your voice into the earpiece so you can hear yourself talking. This headset does not do that which because it covers both ears has taken some getting used to. You just have to take it on faith that people on the other end can hear you since you can't hear yourself. This is the one thing I'd change about it.For me the wireless compromises were worth the benefit of a good general purpose headset with stereo music capability. Thankfully I haven't seen any of the durability issues that were mentioned in other reviews after a month of heavy use. If it starts to fall apart, I'll leave a follow-up review but after a month of use I would still recommend it.