I love this headset...Well, I have had my Plantronics Pulsar 590A for some years, but have just ordered another one! I think I paid the full price for my original one, but it has been worth every penny.As I write this review, on my Intel MacBook Pro I am listening to some great music from iTunes. Fortunately, the new Intel Macs, with Leopard OSX 10.5.x have much better Bluetooth 2 support including "Advanced Audio Distribution Profile (A2DP): Controls stereo audio headphones" (which unfortunately, my iPhone 3G does not). So if you look at the Plantronics website and do a compatibility check for Apple, Leapard OSX 10.5.x it states that this headset is not compatible, which they are wrong about (and I have already told them that, some time ago). I a caveat to that statement though, which I will detail later.Well what can I say about its use?1. First of all, the sound quality is really excellent. You would be hard pressed to get a different wired headset that is better without paying a lot more money.2. They are great to wear, being light and well fitting for your head. You also do not feel totally closed in like you do with some.3. The Bluetooth implementation seems to be very good. I also have a set of Motorola "Bluetooth DJ Headphones", which fail on my first two points above and seem a bit "dicey" on their Bluetooth implementation. I have been amazed at the range I can get with the Plantronics - using the audio adapter with an older Mac at my old office, I could happily walk round most of the inside of the building, or outside, while streaming music from my Mac.4. I can pair the Headset with two devices similtaneously. Previously, I used to do that with the adapter for music from my old Mac and my Treo 650 for taking phone calls, now I do it with my new Mac laptop and my iPhone 3G for phone calls. It switches between the two with no problem, when you take a phone call. I also use Skype on my new Mac, and when I make or answer a Skype voice call, it can automatically pause iTunes (or just mute it, depending on how you configure it).5. You have full play and track control of iTunes on the Mac using it (but not the iPhone 3G, as you have to use the adapter for iTunes on that).6. The quality construction is wonderful. Nothing is likely to break, and has not on mine, with a lot of use.This leads to my caveat:The headset supports both the Bluetooth "headphones" profile (for high quality audio) and "headset" profile for use with the mic for chatting on the phone or Skype. Well there seems to be a problem with the mic side of the Headset profile on my Mac - it gets garbled sound. Hopefully that is a OS problem that they will fix, but for the moment, I listen to Skype voice calls using the Headphones profile and the internal mic on the laptop for my voice (and this works quite well). This is not a problem when using it for phone calls with my iPhone 3G where the mic works well.All in all, I still love this headset and highly recommend it for anyone who loves good sound with the freedom of no wires. I have even used it with Windoze and a Bluetooth dongle (but mostly use a DSP Plantronics USB headset for a PC, as I am generally using it for games then!).At the discounted price it is a real bargain. Buy it, you will not be sorry!