One of the best buys I've ever made. I've been looking for a good wireless headphone for 20 years (really!), but never found a set that was comfortable and had clear sound without interference. All the ones I tried were RF analogue ones, and they always seemed to have crackles etc.Now Bluetooth technology had matured I decided to fork out the cash for the Plantronics. I live in Australia so had them ordered from the US (saved about AU$50). A switching powersupply is included, so I only needed a plugadaptor for OZ power sockets. The set is fantastically complete, with a great protective travel case and other bits that are very useful. I hadn't heard of Plantronics before, but recently have seen their headsets being used by receptionists - so they should know about making reliable products!I've had them for a week now, and am using them with my laptop, desktop, iPaq 6515 and home stereo (via the 3.5mm analogue bluetooth adaptor). It installed/worked without a hitch with all these. Stereo sound quality is great - more than sufficient for me (considering MP3 isn't perfect either), and I find them really comfortable. I also love how incoming phonecalls and/or directions from my GPS software just temporarily interrupt the music. With the iPaq I can also switch music tracks easily with the buttons on the headphone. This doesn't seem to be supported by the bluetooth tools and/or iTunes/Windows Media Player under XP, but that doesn't worry me because I'm at the keyboard then anyway...People can hear me well when I'm on the mobile phone using them as a headset. I haven't tried them with VoIP yet, but other reviews indicate success, and I don't doubt they'll work fine.I only have two negative points: firstly the blue flashing light when the unit is operating. In the dark that can be a bit distracting - I wish Plantronics had put in a feature where for instance by pushing two buttons simultaneously the light is turned off until you next turn the headphones off. You don't need the light anymore once it's been paired (and it'd save some battery power!)Secondly, and this is hardly a Plantronics fault, is the delay in the audio signal. It only shows up when watching video/TV, and causes lipsync to be lost. The delay seems to be constant, which is what you'd expect: it's caused by the buffering required by bluetooth to deal with drop-outs. I wonder if there's a way to delay the video signal by the same amount...I was worried about the cracking problems that people have reported in multiple reviews. I can see how that could happen: overally I find the unit quite sturdy (quite amazing considering how little it weighs), but the bits of plastic that supposedly crack are quite thin.But: there's only a bending force on these bits of plastic when the unit is in the desktop charger/holder, not when you're using it any other way. YOU CAN MINIMISE THIS STRESS by extending the headphone straps to maximum length. They still fit in the charger, but there's a lot less torque on them then. The other options are to only put one 'leg' in the charger, or to not use the desktop charger at all, but instead plug the charging cable directly into the headphone.If you're thinking about buying one - go for it. It's the future of headsets, and yes, in a while they'll be less expensive, but you'd miss out on this FANTASTIC wireless experience! Just make sure your phone/MP3 player supports the A2DP bluetooth stack (which gives the high-quality audio), unless you're going to use the dongle.