I love my Blackberry Pearl and my swivel case is the icing on the proverbial cake. Good quality swivel mechanism that appears to have the potential to last a long time, something that prior holsters have failed to do. I also like the magnetic closure, which snaps closed securely and quickly once I place my Pearl into the case, without the need for finding a snap fitting. My older Blackberries have had cases which, after use, had their entries obstructed by flaps that fold over causing me to use the "two-handed" method for nesting my phone, one hand to move the flap out of the way, and the other to insert the phone into the case. This is a very frustrating occurence since I am usually attempting the more-preferred "one-handed" approach. Although still relatively new, my new case appears to have no such appendage which might at a later date become worn and tired thereby causing an obstruction.Before I purchased my Leather Swivel case, I looked at 3rd party generic cases. Each of these were unable to "notify" my Blackberry that it was in its holster. With my new swivel case, as soon as I insert my Pearl, the display shuts off thereby extending battery life. In addition, this feature allows different profiles to be selected for when my BB is holstered or not. Also, since this is an OEM case, it was made especially for my Pearl. When holsetered, both the USB connector,the earphone outlets and the volume control buttons are all accessible. With non-OEM cases, in order to use a hands free device or to charge my phone, I might have to remove the phone from its case.I am a little disappointed that the Pearl came with no case at all. This is probably due to its small size and your ability to just slip the phone into your shirt pocket, unlike prior Blackberry devices. Of course, that still exposes the vulnerable display to significant scratch-potential. They should have at least provided a simple pouch, which would provide some protection. This of course is a comment on the Pearl itself and not the swivel case, which is the subject of THIS review. All-in-all, I highly recommend this case for those of you who still wear your phones on your belt ... and since I'm at it, I LOVE MY PEARL.